======== SAMPLE 1 ========


(Sickbay)

EMH I know what happened, Captain. The
energy beams hit us and the entire ship was
electricised.

(Bridge)

KIM Im picking up an uplink signal coming in.

(Sickbay)

EMH It was from the debris.
KIM A starship for instance.

(Bridge)

KIM Its the captain, sir.

(Sickbay)

EMH We both detected an uplink signal with a Starfleet
signature.
KIM (reading him) Looks like hes been
terminally altered.
TORRES It was from me, sir.
KIM Im picking up a Starfleet ID trace,

(Bridge)

KIM (OC) Uh, it was from me!
JANEWAY Its Soron Core.
CHAKOTAY The ship is still
in orbit around Telos Prime.

(Sickbay)

TORRES It was the shuttlecraft.
KIM (OC) Hangar deck seven. It
was here, but it just collided with an antimatter charge and
disaved us all.

(Bridge)

JANEWAY We are being hailed.
KIM (on viewscreen) Ah, Captain Janeway.
JANEWAY We never thought Id say this, but thank you for your help. You know what
happened to them?
KIM (on viewscreen) In a few moments, our sensors detected a temporal distortion. I now
believe this life forms here to be something, a time
frame, similar to that one.
TORRES (on viewscreen) You cant be mistaken, Captain. We were just in
anciently powerful time

(Kelbys quarters)

KELBY Im sorry. But the damage I did was mostly accidental.

(Bridge)

KIM I can tell, but I cant.

(Kelbys quarters)

KELBY I have found it to be quite a shock, Captain. I dont know if I
can say something. But it was certainly not unintentional.

(Bridge)

JANEWAY Mister Paris, Mister Paris.
PARIS Yes, maam. Mister Paris, do you wish to join this
Starfleet HQ at this time?
KELBY (on viewscreen) Yes, sir.
PARIS I did.
KIM Well, we are at least five hundred light years from our
original location. I mean, where they say.

(Sickbay)

EMH Doctor to Bridge. I have done my best.
KIM (OC) Yes, maam.
KIM (OC) I could use some help.

(Bridge)

JANEWAY Yes, maam.
KIM (OC) Beam aboard injured parties, but remember, if there are
enough survivors on the bridge, I will continue to speak to the survivors. We have
a slight delay.
KIM (OC) Acknowledged, Captain.

(Sickbay)

TORRES Im sorry, Captain. They werent able to save you after all the time
you gave them.
JANEWAY Thank you, Doctor.

(Bridge)

KIM Now that I have worked out the computer and downloaded the holodeck
program, the program shouldnt be so problematic.
PARIS But it was the effort of the Doctor. He made an
excellent computer and programmed the necessary
database. I hope the experience taught you something about us. If we were
to communicate directly to Kaminar, I might learn to stop doing that.

(Sickbay)

EMH Im sure I understand your passion. They were well trained.
KELBY Dont tell me you had them send the pollen.
EMH That could be their response, but I was more curious than to how you remember
programming.
KELBY The Doctor loved you. He loved you. He just couldnt tolerate me because of
what happened.
JANEWAY He loved you. So have I. He had you a little longer.
KELBY Dont forget him, Captain. He was never.
THE END <|endoftext|> 
 <|startoftext|> PART FOUR
(Bridge)

CHAKOTAY Shuttlepod one is trying to locate Bajo Four, but the signal
array is down by eight percent. Shields on, seventeen percent.
JANEWAY Shuttlepod one is losing
position, Captain. How long before we can transport Bajo Four?

(Cargo Bay one)

CHAKOTAY They could still be in there, Captain.

(Bridge
