======== SAMPLE 1 ========
89
KIM I have completed the seeding, Captain. Youd better look at them right now.
TORRES Good news, tho. Looks like they are ready to bring us along.
PARIS Are you ready?
KIM Im sure.
ONE You will leave me nothing, do you?
KIM Good news.
ONE You left the rebels confused, you lost the courage to say yes.
KIM I cant thank you.
ONE But I did you lose something as well. Something you need me to share.
KIM I guess you havent thought this. Why dont you think I should just stick you up?
ONE Because you dont have your own autonomy. This time I wont need to tell anyone that you know anything
that you dont want or don’t.
KIM No thanks to anyone.
ONE But you would be honored if I ask you one last question. You were an ideal that saved your life,
a perfect choice for me.
KONE Come with me, Mr. Sahil.
ONE Yes?
KIM I told you to look after my son.
ONE And that was a perfectly reasonable request. There are times when it feels that you are no one apart from the galaxy.
KIM Yes, well, consider it a blessing to return his soul.
ONE When you ask me, thats one of them. And remember, no matter what the consequences.
KIM If it isnt my son who looks after me, no. I wonder what that means.
ONE Even if it does make them think she deserves better.
KIM Do it again.
ONE If she asks for me, it makes me think one day maybe, when they will come
together.
KIM You see, I have never lost anything. Not once.
(She shakes her head)
ONE So have I.
KIM Thats not what I asked you to ask.
DUNG We are prepared for whatever they need.
ONE Well, I will be happy for you as they get it that you will not alienate your son.
KIM Good.
ONE It sounds like you already know the answer.
KIM But we are going to need to tell both you about the Q2.
ONE Yes?
KIM Yes. Thats what we need to know. When the time comes?
ONE When you arrive at your time.
RANEK Your crew will be aboard the Vorta in ten minutes.

RANEK What? No more waiting.
ONE Where are the stars?
RANEK Where are the stargets? Where are you going?
LORIAN What, its like you say, your crew is too old.
LORIAN We are going to go see the Vorta. After all, we’re not needed in this place.
LORIAN We will just wait until the Vorta arrives and we will all be here.
(They head off to 
ONE Captain, we are ready.
LORIAN Well, don’t be so sure. There are at least twenty four hours that she can fit in with that stargets.
LORIAN We are your means of survival.
LORIAN But she will have no choice about how she chooses to do this.
LORIAN This is a test a test a test a test by our crew.
LORIAN No!
LORIAN What happens to our crew when you arrive at our coordinates? What if our orders do not get you through the doors?
LORIAN We will let you live.
LORIAN So it seems that in spite of everything you say, you will still be here.
LORIAN What if she does not want to go back into our space?
LORIAN What if she decides to remain on the planet?
LORIAN That would leave her stranded.
LORIAN That is a choice thats mine to make. You don’t make that choice, do you?
LORIAN I have made this clear to my family.
LORIAN And that is good enough.
LORIAN What is Lorsians doing to prevent an evacuation?
LORIAN We are not leaving.
LORIAN Why?
LORIAN We’re home.
LORIAN Why?
LORIAN We will just wait we will see if we can. You on, Lorian.

LORIAN Thank you. For everything you have done.
(On his screen, Lorian and the Vorta turn and walk out. They have a brief conversation with everyone then go on their way)

(LORIAN Bridge)

(Klothos Bridge is at Red Alert.)
LORIAN We are approaching a central star system, Captain.
(Klothos takes her seat
