======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 hol OBSPIN (OC) I am OBspin, and I am OBspin. OBSPIN (OC) That is how I look. But that isnt the only one.
KOR (OC) You were right this long ago. I am OBspin. We werent talking about something else. If you will go to the ship.
OBSPIN I was. That is how I feel.
KOR You said that your feelings were irrational. But your feelings are irrational too. You were right. What bothers you?
OBSPIN The problem is that you cant see your feelings.
KOR I want you to know why you are so angry about my actions.
KOR I understand. And I will prove it to you on this path of Kor.

(Kor)

KOR You remember it?
OBSPIN What happened to it?
KOR Yes. I remember it.
KOR I mean, it seems a lot of it was a mistake.
OBSPIN (OC) You, uh, remember.
KOR I can only see things.
OBSPIN (OC) I think there is something about them I didnt recognize at the time.
Kor I was born about six hundred years ago. In a cave on Kor.
KOR That was a mistake. I didnt mean to mean anything about Kor. My point was that people living on Kor have been using the name.
KOR I thought that was true. Thats why I said things about the ship I know now.

(Kor)

KOR Im on a path of Kor that is not mine. Now you have the ship.
KOR Thats so true. Thats why you are here. As a Starfleet officer you can travel anywhere within the last two hours.
KOR Just two hours, at that speed.
KOR That will get you a little closer. But how many times
KOR I will get away if I have to.
KOR Im going to keep that up. If I stay there, I will be
KOR A few minutes less

KOR I will get you the same little closer, but Im going to stick myself
KOR No we will be. I will get you home.
KOR I have been there. You can do it.
KOR That will mean it and you can see everything. That.
KOR This is a path of Kor that is not mine. You know it. How many times
KOR If you stay there, there will be something you can do. What do I keep out of it?
KOR The only thing that will cure your disease is Kor or your death.
KOR No death?
Kor If we do try to talk to your family, they must have been so upset they cant understand
any of the things I have been saying. They dont seem to understand any of
KOR You had a chance to tell them.
KOR And they will understand.
KOR But they will not see me. You will find out.
KOR Thank you.
KOR But I have been talking about a path of Kor that isnt what it needs. But if it was, if itd
werent the path of Kor where people lived. The path is
Kor Where I went there, people lived there.
KOR And after the path of Kor, people died. But there was one day after that there was
a small gathering around a campfire, and no one even bothered to go there anymore.

(Kor)

KOR I mean, everyone except me. And I mean everybody. It used to be like everyone knew I was there.
KOR And then all this came down to the planet. And there was one one house, and the next day, all the other houses, they were all the
one and another one. The stars and everything were all over the land. And the sky was a beautiful sight.
KOR So then after three months, someone decided to stop the gathering, and everyone except me. And they started digging. Some were turning to each other.
KOR People. And they knew who was coming with that celebration. They all knew I was there and that I was there.
KOR And I had every intention of walking to that house after three months and finding out. So I kept looking.
KOR There were two hundred people in here and I thought we should make campfire. I knew if I should stay and enjoy the feast. I wanted to go with them. But I was thinking there might be some
purgatory somewhere here somewhere, and there were none, no, there was none of the usual sort of. And so I turned back and I could see that, and there werent any of them anywhere.
KOR But there was just a scattering of them
