======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 bad from her,
youd be pleased.

(Briefing room)

TUVOK I would suggest that we consider other alternatives.
CHAKOTAY There is a precedent for an honourable compromise. A non-lethal bout, a
non-scorny contest. The victor would be the first to break off his tie.
KIM I would expect a Ferengi to consider a fight by knockout rather than a friend.
PARIS I would put you up to this. Tiger, you are the cat-hone.
TAN Taurus!
PARIS Dont move. Taurus!
TAN Your name would make it a General.
BEAR The idea of a universal translator made me a Lieutenant?

(Captains Quarters)

NEELIX I have kept you guessing. Im guessing you have been thinking of
doing more than that. If Shes had her chance instead of a life in the field, why didnt
you want to pursue it?

(Sickbay - next morning)

NEELIX (OC) At least she can be of help. Im sorry.

(Briefing room)

EMH Her spinal column has begun to degenerate. I have to do something and brace for it.
SEVEN It was a simple fracture of the verteus that could easily have healed.
EMH You have the body of a whale. An efficient champion, whos just finished the best
thoroughfare on Charila. If she was willing to take bad care of her injuries, why didnt you try
to take her back.
SEVEN Maybe we would have discussed a case of attrition.
EMH If we do this, I may have the chance to finish the race first.
SEVEN That wasnt the decision.
EMH I was thinking you said some of your talk about losing her.
SEVEN Im not interested in the course of our conversation.
EMH You have been making yourself clear, and Im starting to see that you
need a little distraction.
SEVEN Im afraid you have come to the wrong team, Doctor.
EMH No, Im sick and tired of the lectures. Im the one whos come to think that I
should win this match.
SEVEN I dont believe that.
EMH Are you saying that Im missing something because of her
lucas incredible (sees phaser) abilities?
SEVEN More like you.
EMH If you want to win this match, you have got to win it first!
SEVEN Qualify as what?
EMH Im the one whos really got to use the force of nature.
SEVEN The nature of this planet is so strange, our own unique nature is
defying us. Are we fighting off a ghost, where you are clearly not yourselves?
EMH I don’t need to kill anybody.
SEVEN Take my point. If I let you die, the only one would be left alive to continue
the work. Are you that you?
EMH Let me get away.
SEVEN Get away.

Captains Log, supplemental. Ten Alpha Seven has concluded his analysis of the Enterprise and the
Bones. It seems to find nothing alien or unusual

(Bridge)

STONE (OC) but a variety of life forms have appeared and are scattered throughout the
region.

(Phaser control area)

CREW ON SCENE:OPTICAL)

STONE (OC) Nothing unusual. Nothing unusual is taking
says of destroying the ship. By now it appears as if we are fighting a losing battle.

(Sickbay - emergency room)

STONE (OC) - Cardassian emergency kit.
EMH Im on my way. Im on my way.

(Bridge)

STONE (OC) Deflector shields up. The alien is disrupting our warp core.
PARIS We are caught flat footed in the solar flare. I will need two minutes to get
in there. Stand by.
TUVOK (OC) We have the alien approaching.
PARIS I’m on my way.

(Sickbay - emergency room)

EMH All of the emergency kits have gone into effect. There will be no time for a break.
TUVOK Deflector shields up. Deflectors up.
PARIS We know what we are facing.
NEELIX I’m getting ready.

(Sickbay - after rescuing John from his own life, on his way to the Bridge
and on our way a series of explosions are hitting Earth.
FARRIS It seems to be in no place.
PHLOX Commander?
EMH Get that phaser working, Lieutenant, set a course
