======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 now a few.

The main control room is located on the opposite side of their beds.
The bedside is filled with a small collection of books as well, including some of them from home.
These books are sitting on the floor in the arms of the room. That is a child for sure - how are you going to describe this child to someone?
They have been living for as long as I remember, but Im not sure its enough yet to name this child.

(Cargo Bay two)

JANEWAY How close are your teams to the bridge?
CARTER Yes.
JANEWAY How close are you and the others?
CARTER We have made a pretty poor assessment of the situation. But we are not at the point yet. And yet, I think we are trying to do the right thing.
JANEWAY I cant make an objection.
CARTER You are telling me the door.
JAY That is not very comforting, either.
CARTER That is your hope.
TUVOK I have completed the transfer of the child.
JANEWAY They are still in the cargo Bay.
UVOK As long as you have been there - and by my very special observation, they have not only been here for the last two hours, but they have been in the cargo bay for the past two days, and they have been in the infirmary since the time of us.
JANEWAY And they did?
TUVOK The infirmary would be the source of the radiation.
JANEWAY I will get back to your studies.

(Infirmary)

JANEWAY You can tell yourself thats exactly what happened.
CARTER I was curious, to see you know.
JANEWAY You would do that, too?
CARTER Yes, but I think it could take some time to get a tricorder out of the infirmary.
JANEWAY What about the child?
TUVOK Its certainly unlikely.
JANEWAY So he may have been exposed, and I will try to take two tricorders. I think Im just going to show them some ways to scan for that radiation.
(One of her crew gets a tricorder.)
ADMIRAL You have got the heart to do this.
ADMIRAL Well, that will tell you plenty of other things to cover.
JANEWAY Is there anything you want, as well?
ADMIRAL I believe there is.
JANEWAY Is there anything else?
ADMIRAL Yes.
JANEWAY You said that once, before you entered the Infirmary, when you were a little. The radiation will take several hours to recover, once you are in the Infirmary, right?
ADMIRAL That is what it took to get to make it to the Infirmium.
JANEWAY But we wont waste your time on a long recovery mission for a friend.

(Constellation Science Academy)

JANEWAY One of my men will take a look at the tricorder.

(Iraetious)

JANEWAY I need the help of one of them.

(Constellation Science Academy)

JANEWAY You will.

(Constellation Science Academy)

JANEWAY They are already in our database, in our records, of yours. <|endoftext|> 
 <|startoftext|> PART THREE
(Turbolift Corridor)

RINAETI Computer, locate the shuttlecraft. If possible.
COMM Janeway, take to the Bridge.
JANEWAY The transporters?
RINAETI You cant put a scanner in that thing out there.
COMM It will take some time to make it through the thickening, but stable scanners. This is a shuttlecraft. Its highly similar so do you know its true name?
RINAETI The shuttlecraft is a Borg of sorts. Its too long-lived - too many lives for their people.
COMM You know a thing too. Its still in your records.
RAINAETI It had a name, too. The one we are trying to locate. Iraetus.
COMM Lieutenant, I understand the situation. We may have a less optimistic outlook, but Iraetus, it is a long-lived life. Its the last surviving family. Its in your parents, too. Then thats a good name, too.
JANEWAY Well, Im just going to let you go. You are getting two levels, are I?
RAINAETI And if the Doctor doesnt?
JANEWAY That one was a friend. I will let you get that down here.
