======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Usually.
TALURIA They have searched for you.
PHLOX I have tried to explain, to you it remains all about
the future.
PHLOX At this moment, your mother, Doctor Phlox, has found evidence of my
colonade in your computer database. There is also a report on your
treatment on the Planet surface.
TPOL Are you suggesting this is some kind of hoax?
PHLOX Im not saying its anything serious, but if you choose to ignore it, it will mean
you are not looking well. Ensign Sato and I had dinner last night. She says
you were in some serious trouble in the past. I dont want to undermine
that. If youd like to know what it means?
TPOL The aliens in the wormhole would destroy my memory with a wide beam beam.
PHLOX Im aware of their methods, but I have never acted with
them.
TPOL Are you telling me these are real aliens?
PHLOX They are not real. There is no way to tell for certain species.
TPOL But all of the species you named you, Im sure will understand. Lets
just say for now, theres no way to blast off the subspace distortions.
ARCHER How do you know this is real?
PHLOX I have never studied your neurological Reports, but I have heard of
people suffering from dementia.
ARCHER Some kind of neural disorder.
PHLOX I have had some brushes with a very rare neurological disorder.
(She gives him a hypo.)
PHLOX Yes, but if you examine me a further time try this
disconnecting the neural pattern to the rest of the body, you will find it.
TPOL Doctor Phlox just saved your life. I appreciate that.
PHLOX Wasnt the experience as pleasant as the story would suggest, but it is
the only life I ever had. Maybe the rest of us are just ready to put it
together.
(He helps Archer up.)
PHLOX There is nothing to be said for you, Doctor. Life with the others free
agency does not give you independence to explore your feelings.
TPOL I felt perfectly comfortable having you in my life.
PHLOX Then again, if you should decide to feel my presence, would
that hurt?
TPOL Im sure it would.
PHLOX It is very tempting, Captain, not to be your mother.
TPOL Are you trying to lure me back to the warship?
PHLOX Im trying to stop it. What do you think are you doing?
(He puts his face in hers.)

(Bridge)

HOSHI The atmospheric window is forming along the upper atmosphere.
TUCKER How soon can we start down there?
HOSHI Nine minutes.
TUCKER We dont stay here. These three have got to go.
TPOL (OC) Bridge to Captain Archer.

(Armoury)

TPOL (OC) We are preparing to discuss Mister Tucker incident.
HOSHI Its time for a change of plans. Mister Tucker wasnt
responsible for the death of that engineer.

(Bridge)

HOSHI Im working on a telemetry analyser. We will be ready
to provide you with whatever further information, and in the meantime, the crew
has been enjoying the trip.
TPOL (OC) Mister Tucker was merely trying to illustrate the
interactions of the crew. They were enjoying the visit.
HOSHI You could say that.
TPOL (OC) Mister Tucker, I trust you are more motivated to
reproduce a report. There should be an obvious pattern to your
encounter with Mister Tucker.
HOSHI Im not sure, but something tells me these people have a
common goal.
TPOL (OC) Perhaps I should find out how it is.
HOSHI Im sure they would give you a hard time. You are in no
prodigy to them.
TPOL (OC) You are making certain of that.

(Armoury)

TPOL Are you suggesting that it was me?
HOSHI No.
TPOL (OC) And yet you managed to manage to get back to your ship. Why ?
HOSHI Im not sure. Im going to find out.

(Bridge)

TPOL Do you have any idea what the patterns of our diplomatic missions are?

(Armoury)

TUCKER Yes, diplomatic relations.

(Bridge)

REED So far so good. We havent set off any alarms.
(The ship jolts.)
TPOL Whats the problem?
TUCKER There may be some sort of regional misunderstanding.
TP
