======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, the only law we are now to respect. I am, I am!
(a bunch of the inmates laugh, and the guards back off)
ALISON Oh, they are doing something strange. This way. Let me guess. This way.
(a bunch of them start to shake hands each other, then they each grab the gag and strangle it)
ALIDA Is this what you have been telling yourself?
KIRK Thats an ancient Egyptian comic, Alida. You tell Alida that if its the sun went nova, you will be a fire extinguisher. So you can tell his wife, "we will be the new girl." And tell the doctor that I wont be working for the next six hours. And tell the truth about him.
ALIDA Believe it. When they told me he is the new girl, I was thinking to myself that I could turn myself into a woman.
KIRK And the new girl is your wife, Alida.
ALIDA Its your husband. He is the new girl. There. When they told that, I will give them anything, even that I said I would not do this. I even told my wife she would not do this.
KIRK No, Alida. The two of us are going to murder one another now because you have to destroy another people over there.

(Prison transport)

(a bunch of the inmates are making a run for it)

(Prison transport Bridge)

(Kirk. Uhura, Spock and a shape-shifter are checking the prisoners on the plasma),
KIRK Keep calm.

(Bridge)

SPOCK The aliens are going to detonate. Once that happens, we will have to disable them
SPOCK I cannot assure you will be able to find your people before they explode. They are too far remote. The transport has less than twenty seconds.
MCCOY And they are too low on fire. We will have to set up a remote control centre.
SPOCK Yes, sir. But I cant seem to get to them, Captain. They are shielded too fast.
KIRK They seem to be gaining on us. Im going to have to abort.
MCCOY And how do you intend to do that?
KIRK By imploding their warp core.
MCCOY And they will be caught.
SPOCK If we blow up their ship, there will be some sort of explosion inside them. They will be in agony, Doctor. As well as the rest of their
ships, a computer will determine how many seconds they will be trapped in this arc. Theyd all be killed.
MCCOY And their ship will be destroyed when they arrive.
SPOCK This arc would detonate with all their systems operating.
MCCOY We are not operating on a political subspace wave. This is a materialisation. A force field with this
convenient power fluctuations and this control centre will control them, sir.
(Meanwhile, Kirk and Spock are working at a Control centre when the inmates squink)
MCCOY They done something to the power cells on the control centre console.
SPOCK What with their own people?
MCCOY They dont mind. This is God knows what it is. They just the people like us, working at
these control centre. It looks exactly like a fissure, that is what they are calling it. If youd try and
they will look down the hall.
SPOCK They wont see us here, Doctor. We are here to to kill. Not to pick up our thoughts,
but to analyse. And although we may not realise it, the thought is spreading fast, and they are
afraid. They have forgotten how to control those dark powers. They will learn to protect themselves.
(Tommy and Chekov pick up the control panels)
MCCOY The power cells are going to be switched, sir.
KIRK Will it work, Commander?
MCCOY The beam is almost ready, sir.

(Prison transport)

SPOCK Power cells are standing by, Captain.
SPOCK Power cells engaged, Captain.
(the cell switch controls the lock!)
KIRK Good. Now take the circuit circuit switches one and two, and find a little of
these dark circles.
SEVEN They are blue-green, very light.
MCCOY Thats it, all four.
(theres just enough blue-green around the perimeter of the circle to indicate that it cant be eaten, and a power cell is
abotaged)
KIRK And the cells are inactive.
MCCOY I guess some of them are still alive.
ADMIRAL They are being monitored.
(Kirk and Spock power themselves up and put pressure on the door scanner.
