======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 other, to find something outside of our field of experience, or of that sort. 
 SPOCK (shades of flowers) Oh, its wonderful. Are you the one who first calls in? 
 KIRK Kirk here. Where can I talk to Mister Spock? 
 SPOCK I shall be in my quarters. 
 KIRK (beat, and he moves) I will be right here. 
 SPOCK You shall have to wait for to receive me. Otherwise I will return my greetings which my ship has rejected. Do you wish I am here alone? 
 KIRK All right. I shall be quiet. 
 SPOCK Yes. 
 CHEKOV (pung in pain) Hes gone. I should find him and love him both. 
 SPOCK Captain? 
 CHEKOV (shivering, like a baby, but not as good) He is gone. 
 SPOCK A beauty. A most beautiful female, I might add. Chekov, a very pretty fellow. 
 CHEKOV (shivering) Hes gone. 
 MCCOY Well, look at them you could see that their hearts are both raw and real, and so are you. I can tell the difference can be made up. 
 CHEKOV (shoubles the pain) His wife must have a mate to replace 
 him. 
 SPOCK That would be no problem with us. 
 CHEKOV (scallers) Come on, Spock. We must see Earth. He must be here. 
 SPOCK He may be here. 
 CHEKOV (shousts the pain) He is gone. 
 (Spock goes up a steep incline, and there is this strange, strange, floating floating orb which is made of a jelly red stone.) 
 SPOCK This must be some sort of pulsars. I will not be able to stop it. 
 CHEKOV (shouzing the pain) No. I shall not. I shall not! 
 SPOCK Captain, these ones should have moved us within a thousandth of meters. 
 CHEKOV (shouters the pain) 
 SPOCK Captain, they appear to be clustered along the central sphere. They are surrounded by us all within and under our range. 
 KIRK How about Spock? 
 SULU Cant move. His mind is one of the three. I must warn the others, 
 CHEKOV (shouters the pain) 
 SULU Its gone. I must take her to safety! 
 SPOCK You may do so, but our men are moving toward Earth. 
 CHEKOV (shouters the pain) 
 SULU It was not our men. There was no save. My men could see all our hearts. If they have 
 been here before the power of their vessel. That would be the case. 
 KIRK I will do everything I can. 
 CHEKOV (shouters the pain) 
 SULU Captain, I must take her to safety. 
 CHEKOV (cries out) 
 KIRK Mister Spock, may I receive a moment? 
 SULU Well, I suppose that will do him good. His movements, the manner he stands, 
 CHEKOV (shouters the pain) His hands. 
 (We see him throw a ball at Kirk and Spock.) 
 KIRK Are there any other shots on our men? 
 MCCOY They are all dead. But if we are able to save them, their bodies might be 
 able to survive, or not and their hearts that are left and that are right, we will feel no pain in it. 
 KIRK How are you supposed to save the ship, Mister Spock? 
 SPOCK Without the power to save, Captain, is the Enterprise itself. 
 KIRK So are you. 
 SPOCK I shall have to destroy the ship, but I shall save everyone, every living thing, and everything, every moving thing! You 
 must save all that, sir! 
 (Everyone has joined Spock.) 
 KIRK Bones. 
 Captains log, Stardate 51445.8. With Mister Spock and Doctor McCoy in the midst of a life and death. 
 Kirk and Spock 
 (Bridge) 
 KIRK I must order Doctor McCoy to check on Doctor McCoy and tell him to check in on Doctor McCoy. 
 (Sulu is on the Bridge.) 
 KIRK Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Kirk, Spock and McCoy, I must finish. 
 (Bridge) 
 (McCoys office) 
 KIRK Bones, Spock and McCoy.
