======== SAMPLE 1 ========
?!? 
 JANEWAY Id put my whole weight in it in order not to 
 worry. Its only dangerous. 
 TUVOK Im prepared to go beyond your security, Captain. It would 
 be absurd to assume that youd 
 assume anything. You are witnessing the most 
 important change in the Delta quadrant, and you must 
 leave us. Its only logical to assume 
 youd left us. 
 JANEWAY Im going to try and reason with you, and Im going to make 
 you understand that if we do break here, the Delta 
 quadrant itself is going to lead us all back with the 
 Omega. I will offer the medical supplies you need and if you refuse, 
 we will have to dispose you. 
 TUVOK A fair assumption. Perhaps you will hold us in 
 custody while awaiting the 
 Doctors help, I believe I could remain in 
 a more reasonable position if you gave us the 
 medical coordinates. 
 JANEWAY Thats what Id like to hear. Let me continue with the 
 introductions. We will have to find some way of 
 transferring the Doctor to Sickbay, find a substitute 
 for him, and send a message to Sickbay. 
 TUVOK No. 
 JANEWAY Maybe we can replicate some antacid to get us some 
 kind of anaesthetic that would stimulate 
 your neurons. Mister Kim, will you give me 
 seven injections? 
 CHAKOTAY Yes. Seven and I are working on the new comm. link. I cant access 
 the ships holodecks without the holo-emitters. 
 CHAKOTAY We are being hailed. 
 JANEWAY Open a channel normally. 
 CHAKOTAY The person behind the comm. link is a Suliban. In their 
 language, that means their presence. Hows that possible? 
 JANEWAY We only have to hope he gets hold. 
 CHAKOTAY That will be hard to replicate. How much do you have it in spare? 
 JANEWAY Enough to buy us another trip. Stand by until you have 
 regained your freedom. Now, lets get started. I will send you down to the holo-demonic 
 processing facility. You need to be there. You are in charge of the facilities. 
 CHAKOTAY An arrangement is that? 
 JANEWAY It is normal. When an Antaran stops in mid-verbal sparring, you 
 take the ship. It takes a moment for the nervous systems to 
 convert to the correct coordinates. 
 CHAKOTAY If you start to believe in that, maybe we can help you. How about this 
 thing? I dont mean to tell anyone, but the people in the holo-emitters must like nothing more 
 less. They stay in the shadows. You see Im not going to let anyone get all of 
 us killed off because someone finds us funny. 
 (Chakotays quarters) 
 CHAKOTAY Come in. 
 TORRES Captain. I thought we were going to be all right, except for one thing. 
 JANEWAY Mister Kim, do you need sleep? 
 CHAKOTAY No, no, Im fine, just a little deep into 
 sleep. 
 TORRES This isnt exactly the most optimistic I have ever heard. It could take me days 
 maybe even two nights, but Im still working on repairs. Hows that possible? 
 JANEWAY We only question the Doctor. Thats what we have been asking all along. We dont believe that 
 hes working miracles. 
 CHAKOTAY Well, if we are looking for a miracle, we dont have one. 
 JANEWAY Theres a whole course of things we are not sure what our next 
 priority is until we learn its right and then we get back into a mess like 
 we were told that the Doctor is a magic. Its very simple though. 
 CHAKOTAY Harry, Harry. Im going to let you get down to the holodeck in 
 goo-binack and get some rest. 
 KIM A-breezy-night, black and yellow eyes, white and blue skin 
 knit with a belly of lamb with a feather-tail. 
 JANEWAY Wed rest on those magic people? 
 SCOTT Aye. 
 (Holodeck - Forest) 
 CHAKOTAY Harry, how do you feel about it? 
 KIM We have been going about it all day. We didnt have 
 a chance to save the Captain, but now 
 CHAKOTAY Too bad.
