======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ark. 
 TUVOK Thats Captain Proton. We were trying to arrange your transfer so you better act. 
 TUVOK I was merely attempting to arrange your transfer. 
 TUVOK Thank you. 
 TUVOK And I was subsequently charged by the Vulcan Central Command. The Vulcans 
 are a dangerous threat. It was reported that they have left five hundred and forty nine 
 hostages, and that is false. 
 (Corridor) 
 PARIS Behold Proton. In the course of your duties as the most trusted 
 negotiator, he routinely picks up on trends. 
 CHAKOTAY This is not what I had in mind. 
 PARIS It must have been very disoriented for you. We are trying to help you to escape 
 your captors. 
 CHAKOTAY Well, what do you say we keep you out for the rest of your legs? 
 PARIS If you can spare a few moments of your life, Im sure we can manage it. 
 CHAKOTAY And I want to warn you that they are torturing them. They can kill them 
 at any time, at any time. If we try to stop them. 
 PARIS You are being humane. But you dont have much choice, especially now. 
 CHAKOTAY We must have the support of three Vulcans willing to 
 cooperate with us. They have been accused of aiding fugitives. I will not stand by 
 and watch all our new allies die. 
 PARIS Proton doesnt have the support of a Vulcan. They are not soldiers. 
 CHAKOTAY But they are in positions of absolute feignour. 
 PARIS What they are currently doing is a dangerous line of 
 moral cowardice. 
 CHAKOTAY And yet I am willing to overlook any of this. You have the most 
 empathic potential on Vulcania. I can use that to lead the 
 Proprietary Protectorate. 
 PARIS That is an order. 
 CHAKOTAY Even if it means your life of crime is short, it 
 doesnt justify committing crimes. 
 PARIS I can see what the Proprietary Protectorate means to you. 
 CHAKOTAY It doesnt suit me, but it makes me feel particularly confident. I believe its an 
 ethical decision to make. 
 PARIS I hope it suits you. 
 CHAKOTAY It will help me regain my family name. 
 PARIS My name is Captain Proton. 
 CHAKOTAY I was abducted from Chakotica. 
 I have come to look for you. Where are you? 
 PERSIS I have come to seek the guidance I need to understand why you are helping these 
 fugitives. 
 CHAKOTAY You have the means to help us understand them, but to date the Emissary of Proton, 
 you will have to forget one simple kindness. Give me a set of coordinates. I can lead the Protectorial 
 Protectorate. 
 PERSIS On my way. <|endoftext|> 
 <|startoftext|> PART TWO 
 (Engineering) 
 HAYES Captain. 
 TUVOK Take him back to Sickbay. 
 KIM Yes, maam. 
 (Sickbay) 
 TUVOK How are your tests, Commander? 
 TUVOK A few hours in Sickbay would help. 
 TUVOK Would you care to be able to function, Doctor? 
 TUVOK You said it? 
 TUVOK In the course of your treatment. 
 TUVOK I assure you we will have the full medical examination. 
 TUVOK Thank you, Mister Proton. 
 (Mess hall) 
 TUVOK I wouldnt have wanted you to go to an endocrine study of me, particularly on its 
 emotional impact. 
 TUVOK I just dont want you to take it personally. 
 TUVOK I apologise, but I will review the manual on Bajoran protocol for a while. Theres 
 a new patient from the station that may have been resistant to an effect of the 
 nanoprobes on your mental function. If thats the reason someone came wanted to 
 work with me. 
 TUVOK His mother has a message from Starfleet. Thats all I need to know. 
 TUVOK I am aware of that, Lieutenant. 
 TUVOK The Doctor has requested the most current research. 
 Its time I contacted her. 
 TUVOK I have only contacted him through the last four hours. I dont 
 like that I have all the information I need. 
 TUVOK You
