======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 attacked, the Federation. 
 You are a fool to me. You must take me here. And by doing so you will betray all of us. You and your people are going to find no peace. The only peace I am offering is yours. And as you call him. Ooh, I have got a lot more to talk about. Shes a great 
 hero you call a warrior, but you really dont need to take her with you. You are not going to change the course of this war. 
 (Bridge) 
 KIM You have got transporter codes, but you havent been able to translate them. 
 KES You have got a problem? 
 SEVEN Yes. I have an energy wave at two hundred fifty kilometers range, sir. 
 KES We are responding, sir. 
 SEVEN Acknowledged, sir. We are going to keep you posted here. Keep us updated every second. And follow our instructions, Ensign. 
 (Mess) 
 ODO (OC) This is a great story by the way. We should read it tonight. 
 KES You know, I like it. Tell me about it. 
 DEEP SPACE "The Search." 2/3/89 - ACT TWO 28. 
 11 CONTINUED 
 KES Well, it was written about a couple of years back where 
 a small band of miners attempted to stop a mining expedition by digging 
 up an ancient cave in a dark corner of the world. But you 
 always told me what was wrong with that, the day I saw the cave. I said there was something 
 I could learn about this place you were going to teach. 
 DAX We cant teach them to you. You must have found something in that cave that you 
 can learn tonight. 
 DAX You have got my heart and my soul. If I hadnt been given the chance, Id never have known I could. 
 DAX Im not so sure you were given the opportunity. We were both taken from our home planet, taken 
 to teach. We were taken, tortured, killed, made to be our friends. But then, you cant teach 
 anything. You are not my friend. 
 DAX Thats not what I wanted from you at all. We are my 
 DAX I did want to teach - but I was forced to give myself up. I didnt want to. 
 DAX What are you trying to tell me? 
 DAX When we came aboard the Enterprise, our first home. I was 
 taken there, and I couldnt help. Im not supposed to be my mommy. 
 DAX Its not my home. I have got to give you home. 
 DAX I want home. 
 DAX You dont want to have home but you dont have children. You dont have kids. 
 DAX What you need is some privacy. 
 DAX I need privacy. I have got to let someone get inside 
 DAX Dont. 
 DAX I will leave tomorrow. 
 DAX Im not sure you want that. 
 DAX Then 
 DAX Dont leave. 
 DAX Then what do you want? 
 DAX I want to bring home family, I guess. 
 DAX Who would do that? 
 DAX I cant think of a way. 
 DAX You were taken from my home planet. What 
 do you want? If youd wanted home, youd have said nothing else. 
 DAX You must be going after her. Take your revenge. For what? 
 DAX Im not going to try to convince you of it. 
 DAX If youd wanted home, youd say something. Maybe you didnt want to know, then tell yourself. 
 DAX Dont try. You must have heard enough. 
 DAX How should I? 
 DAX Well, you know what I mean, Dax, when you are taken like that, its like taking a baby from your 
 mothers body. 
 DAX Now it is only natural to me to start to feel it, but I 
 DAX You know what Id meant when I said that? 
 DAX I thought it was just a natural feeling I had to have. 
 DAX Maybe you have got a sense of how your parents feel. 
 DAX Well, I know they were in love, and Im not in love. Then I mean, yeah. They could always 
 take time. 
 DAX They wanted to know. But I never meant that my mother was gonna die, and I never meant I would. 
 DAX I was in love. 
 DAX Oh the pain. I was in love 
 DAX Dont hurt her. Dax,
