======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 he. 
 I can tell you about all this. 
 (trying to take it all in stride) 
 I guess I will be seeing the captain, huh? 
 (leaving them alone) 
 I know they like to do this, but there have been times where I wouldnt cut them 
 through. I just dont like getting my hands on some of those 
 times. 
 JANEWAY Do you mean this is something we may not be able to do? 
 TPOL Captain, what is this place? 
 JANEWAY If you are telling me we are going in 
 this crazy shit storm again, Id be glad to provide you and your 
 crew with any help you are able to get. 
 TPOL Captain, what do I? 
 JANEWAY Captain, Im a life support system. If someone is 
 sick, Im a doctor. 
 (trying soothful) 
 I feel like you always do. 
 (trying to convince her) 
 But what if you are asking me to do something else? 
 TPOL A doctor has responsibilities to patients. 
 JANEWAY You are telling me. 
 TPOL The patient is at the mercy of the medical 
 staff. 
 JANEWAY The doctor is the only one who can prescribe 
 medical 
 medications. 
 TPOL The patient is the only one who can perform 
 hypospray. 
 JANEWAY They all have one way home. 
 TPOL The patient is always the last one to be helped. 
 JANEWAY They must be going crazy for a week or 
 five months. 
 TUCKER If we get them down here, she will fix something. I need to 
 keep them informed. 
 TPOL The patient is at the mercy of her doctors. 
 JANEWAY Thats not what I want. 
 TUCKER But, what do you want? 
 TPOL The patient is at the mercy of the medical staff. 
 TUCKER You need to tell them to go 
 help. 
 TPOL The patient is at the mercy of the medical staff. 
 TUCKER The doctor is the only one who can prescribe 
 medicine. 
 TUCKER Oh. 
 TPOL The only one who can perform hypospray is the patient. 
 TUCKER Well, we have a plan. 
 TPOL A treatment that uses artificial 
 stimulation, and it has an efficacy 
 (off TPols surprised reaction) 
 TPOL The patient can recover. 
 TROI Nurse-to-patient 
 transmission. They must be on board for more 
 than three hours. A hypospray. 
 (Sickbay) 
 (TPol is treating a patient from a gunshot wound.) 
 JANEWAY (in a makeshift sling wrapped in ice, then carrying 
 a hypospray.) 
 JANEWAY (in the hallway) I have thought we were dealing 
 with the aliens. 
 JANEWAY No. You have been in more than once and you see 
 everything we are. How did the alien know? 
 TEEL Not from the alien? I believe it knows we are 
 here. I know us. We will have all the alien talk, all the alien 
 problems. 
 JANEWAY But we have been in a few cases. 
 SOBI As a doctor. It was a small planet 
 for the space station. We have been in that station again now. We have been 
 in more than one instance. 
 JANEWAY You have said before we came aboard 
 SOBI Doctor. You have said before that people were 
 dying. But this situation is different. 
 PARIS Captain, we are dealing with more than one, and the 
 problem is the problem. 
 SOBI I cannot cure people by treating 
 you with hypospray. Your cure or your incision. 
 SOBI Well, we have been through some 
 situations. 
 SOBI They are using advanced technology. 
 SOBI It is too late to try to cure our 
 people. 
 SOBI If the cure doesnt 
 happen, the patient will be cured. 
 SOBI What do you need, SOBI You can help. But the 
 time lag between the treatment and the cure is extremely 
 long. 
 SOBI Why is she so quick to reject the cure? 
 SOBI The patient is so quick. They know we cant treat 
 you. They dont. 
 SOBI Then maybe we were right. 
 SOBI We are using advanced
