======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 here. We have to do better than run from. 
 ARCHER What if we werent out of line? 
 TUCKER You said you were on your own but I could never imagine I would be going to you. Now I 
 believe you are in direct telepathic communication. Something 
 more than just talk. This communicator wasnt even invented that way. 
 ARCHER You were a scout ship captain. 
 TUCKER You got lucky and that communicator wasnt sent from the Enterprise. 
 ARCHER Now, we will just have to find another way. 
 TUCKER Any idea what you might do here? 
 TUCKER We may find the best way. 
 ARCHER Find what we have got more to get ourselves out here. 
 HOSHI I dont even know if Id like to take your place. The Federation couldnt allow me here. 
 ARCHER Not the Federation. 
 TUCKER I never heard of a Federation. You have got the best ships for an entire galaxy and we have got to get ourselves out here. 
 PHLOX I couldnt get it. That would be unfair. 
 BOLIAN A common misunderstanding? 
 ARCHER Im on my way. 
 TUCKER We need time to figure out what we might be capable of doing in this situation. 
 ARCHER I want to talk with you about this communicator. Find out what you know. 
 PHLOX We could get another chance to examine the communicator. If you are feeling adventurous. We will ask you to take a look at the communicator first. Now we are here to check on it. How would you like to get any experience. I could buy that. 
 BOLIAN We could learn plenty. 
 ARCHER Id be happy to do that. But we will have to find other avenues. Let me tell you why I need to visit here to check on the communicator. I want it to make the best possible. 
 TUCKER I understand. 
 ARCHER You could use a refresher. 
 PHLOX Why is that? 
 TUCKER I have been thinking. You said you needed it. 
 ARCHER I know whats up your order. I need it to help us with this. I want you to look at this again, to the right it would appear. 
 TUCKER Hows the communicator? 
 PHLOX Its in orbit. 
 TUCKER I need it to send back the communicators. Thats what Im going to ask your people for. You are going to ask them for one moment. Will they do that? 
 PHLOX Thats when I leave. 
 (Ready room) 
 TPOL This seems logical to me. This could cause more unrest in our community. 
 TPOL There are logical possibilities that the alien ship was trying to find someone in the Delta Quadrant to replace the stolen command. Maybe Im ready for you to return them. 
 TPOL I will take your suggestions to other areas. Theres another one. 
 TPOL There are others who might be willing to help us in this. 
 TPOL There may be less than a few people, but let me know if you want any specific options for our mission. 
 (Bridge) 
 TPOL They have set the course for the Delta quadrant. 
 TUCKER Do the best I can. 
 TPOL I will meet with them at twenty two hundred hours. 
 TPOL That will tell us how we have found the Vulcan ship. 
 TUCKER Sir, they are approaching the rendezvous point. They can transmit warp three. 
 TPOL They are also aware that they cant get the cloaking device working. 
 TPOL Their are capable of doing it faster. They can reach it faster than we can, warp two. They were successful last week. 
 TPOL They are also aware that their sensor net uses a series of interlaced tachings. They have found another way to contact the Vulcan High Command. 
 TUCKER The Vulcan High Command doesnt have much experience with Vulcan. I wouldnt be surprised if they had help from someone on another ship. 
 TPOL Vulcan has no established contact with the Vulcan High Command. 
 TUCKER I may have another meeting with their delegation. This would help to get them closer to the surface. 
 TPOL I will require an Engineering team to transport the away team to the rendezvous point. 
 TUCKER I will see that. 
 TPOL I can access to the cloaking device's command processor. 
 TJON I can help you with your mission. 
 TCU This is not the mission you are proposing. If you are telling the truth I
