======== SAMPLE 1 ========
  ,
 He nods. 
 KIM So what are we waiting for? 
 ARCHER The captain, Commander Archer. The only other officer. 
 ARCHER We cant rely on a captain. You have to make decisions and take that to the people. 
 ARCHER If the people have to take their decisions for themselves then we have to make sure they are all with us. 
 KIM Now you are doing better than you think you are. It is great to see you all are taking the captain so seriously. It would be very wise to follow the captain as much as possible. If you are all going to follow the same script, we might never find your people. 
 ARCHER We cant afford to do this much without the science department, to be honest. 
 ARCHER We couldnt be serious without the crew. And if the people don´t trust the scientists, they will need to look again. 
 Archer nods. KIM If your people dont understand what the Federation means, then you will need to adjust your attitude. 
 ARCHER If they do. 
 ARCHER This was my time to make my decision. I will act after the captain arrives. 
 ARCHER Captain, I accept the decision. 
 ARCHER Yes, sir. I also accept 
 ARCHER Yes, sir. 
 ARCHER Captain, the science department will begin working immediately. I will call the fleet to warp three and return. But, Lieutenant Archer, have you been planning this? You did. 
 ARCHER What was your reasoning? 
 ARCHER Science isnt easy. And to make this decision on my own 
 ARCHER Well, my reasoning is simple. You are very curious about Federation? How is it faring? 
 ARCHER But you are asking too many questions. Science is easy. If I take three hours, then two minutes. If I spend eight years, then I am a genius. But that would only work for fourteen days. But I know of a way. 
 ARCHER You think the ships would stay with us? That they would always be on a schedule? 
 ARCHER They will do. Even as long as they only show up when the crew reports them? 
 ARCHER The idea is sound. The Federation could be at war any time. 
 ARCHER Well, if the Federation does begin to lose faith in the science department, then how many people would die? 
 ARCHER I can figure the Federation would. Its inevitable. Even you know. 
 ARCHER But then we would have to make sure the Federation never loses faith in the sciences? 
 ARCHER You cant do that without the science department. To be honest, this idea is very attractive: two thousand people. If the Federation falls out of faith in the science sector, then there are ten thousand people waiting in front of us. The first 
 will be KIM and his friends. They are waiting impatiently for the arrival of the science division. 
 ARCHER But how long would we be on schedule? Are these people all citizens? 
 ARCHER They are all citizens, Lieutenant. 
 ARCHER Then Lieutenant, I have got one thing. When you are all as long on schedule as you are, then you will see. If you are all as long on schedule as 
 you are. 
 ARCHER Well, it is not easy to be a Starfleet officer these days. But, Im glad the science division is on board with us. 
 ARCHER So what are we waiting for? 
 ARCHER How shall I know? You mean if the Federation ever falls out of faith? Or even worse, you all get assigned to defend the Federation? 
 ARCHER If anyone ever asks you about that, then they will. The Federation is not going to take its place with us. We have to find your people. 
 ARCHER Tell me something, what do you think? 
 ARCHER You know how it is that they have an odd habit of going to war? Well, that is the part I want you to understand. They will always be ready to strike, but as a rule, they do not follow that routine. If any one finds a way to get to the federation before you do, then it will be yours. 
 ARCHER Then how do you know they dont? 
 ARCHER Im a Federation citizen, Lieutenant. 
 The next time we see the Federation I want you to tell me your name, your date of birth if you are Federation, and what do you want to know? 
 ARCHER Captain Archer. 
 SCOTT The name, sir. If I remember the Federation? 
 ARCHER Captain Archer. 
 SCOTT Archer
