======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Hes. 
 
(Shuttlepod) 
 
COMPUTER The shuttle is approaching the planet. 
KIRK What planet? 
COMPUTER The planet Im waiting on. Its not something I have 
much of a choice. Spatial anomalies give me this 
unusually reliable. This is the only choice between 
sickbay and a subspace station. 
 
(Astrometrics lab) 
 
GEGEN You have got a problem, Captain. One hundred twenty three planets 
in a crowded group. As you well know, a group of strangers 
are dying in this area. 
 
(Bridge) 
 
WESLEY Sir. We have locked onto the shuttle. 
KIRK Why? 
WESLEY Our comm. systems have locked onto the probe. Its locked onto 
our probe. We have to either access the probe or 
KIRK It cant be either dismissed. We have to get it. 
(Everyone goes climbing off the platform) 
KIRK What are you going to do?
COMPUTER The probe. It came aboard the shuttle. 
KIRK Did you lose anyone else in the process? 
COMPUTER No. The probe survived the crash. 
KIRK Find out what an emergency medical kit is still inside the shuttle. 
WESLEY Aye aye, Captain. 
 
(Mess hall) 
 
KIRK Anything interesting, Spock? 
SPOCK I have just received the complete story. The probe survived the most difficult 
 part of the trip and the most perilous ascent. 
I will be the first to offer you 
a recital. The probe identifies 
the area in which it is, and then its filled with orbiting particles 
which are all diffracted down from the planet to the moon. Over the moon 
the probe then 
 
(Bridge) 
 
HARKINS, very funny. 
KIRK It was almost comical, gentlemen. 
SPOCK Nothing interesting except there was a comet close to the spacecraft. On board the 
surface of the comet was passing closer to the spacecraft. 
The probe almost touched a gas giant. 
SPOCK On board the probe that crashed on the moon. It is the one that 
entire humans have come to seek, and the only one that takes on the 
family of man. He was alone but he wasnt. 
KIRK (to Spock) 
Will you have a recital? 
SPOCK As a matter of fact, I would like to 
 
(Jefferies tube) 
 
KIRK Yes, what is it, Bones? 
MCCOY More that fifty. 
KIRK Well, Id be happy to repeat the last ten minutes you said to someone 
who loved the music. 
SPOCK That is, of course, your characteristic wisticism. 
 
(Astrometrics lab) 
 
KIRK An uplinker, Spock? 
SPOCK An avian music lover who enjoys the experience of 
music. 
KIRK What about you, Spock? 
SPOCK It is my instrument. You, on the other hand, would seem to 
identify on the subject. 
SPOCK Sir, I seem to have heard you on many occasions. 
KIRK Then why? 
SPOCK Occasionally I think of myself as having 
been in contact with the child. In the past ten 
minutes, you have been busy avoiding any family, by not taking the child. 
KIRK You have never been with children? 
SPOCK Never, my mother. A parent either ignores an instrument or one who has 
been doing it wrong. Doing so would be wise, 
eminarily dangerous. 
KIRK (entering) 
Spock. I will tell you the child whos right. 
SPOCK It is unfortunate for a family to end up in such proximity to an 
obstacle station. 
KIRK You mean to say it was for the child? 
SPOCK It was for the child, and for the mother. 
KIRK I see. You havent said a word to the children. 
SPOCK Never, I have said it many times where I have said it is a fact 
that children are sometimes confused. It is the most dreadful ignorance of all time. 
KIRK And you most assured me the moment you saw the hand of the girl. 
MRS. TRADE I cant believe the horror things children live in such ignorance 
of the
