======== SAMPLE 1 ========

 (KIRK Who are you? 
NURSE 
 You see here, Captain. These are 
the dead. 
 
(Commander Chakotays quarters) 
 
KIRK Lieutenant Uhura here. 
SPOCK Captain. 
KIRK Kirk here. 
SPOCK As you are to say (OC) I have completed the examination of Commander Spock and the other Starfleet 
certification officers available and there will be a crew of twenty-third century 
starshipsmanning my ship. 
 
(Corridor) 
 
CHIRK (OC) Mister Spock, I am the chief engineer of this vessel. 
SPOCK I was fully advised to complete the examination and was tabulated to answer 
the question pertinent to answering it when and how, and when you would. 
KIRK I know that you will say anything you need to receive and, I can 
make it right. 
SPOCK I did not give you the permission to interrupt. 
KIRK Spock, I dont know what he told you before but its not Captain 
Pilots way. 
SPOCK Doctor? 
PAXTON (O.S.) Spock. 
KIRK Doctor McCoy give us his reports as soon as we have a star chart. 
UHURA Captain, that is impossible. The starships technical department is 
to have no information about this. 
KIRK Impossible? Then again. And why? Why didnt you inform Starfleet? 
UHURA The ships technical department has not, so far, been prepared to review 
the file of your study. 
KIRK A captain can handle anything, Captain. <|endoftext|> 
 <|startoftext|> PART ONE 
UHURA Captain, I am uninvited to talk with you. 
KIRK Thats not necessary, Doctor. I have a Starfleet log to tell you what I need to 
procedure. 
CHES Yes, Commodore. I have been reviewing a Starfleet log that shows me of the last 
Lieutenant who left Starbase Five to search the galaxy. He returned with an extremely 
damienful look to reveal his face. What is it, Captain? Are someones there? 
KIRK What are you picking up? 
CHES You have noticed that. If Im the commanding of a starship, then my 
crew cant be more helpful in an emergency. 
KIRK What do you know about that? 
CHES Its classified. I think its a Romulan cloaking device. Its something. 
KIRK A Romulan cloaking device? 
CHES Its your only hope. The device has some unknown origin. 
And as Starfleet knows about the Romulan cloaking device it will stop 
ext-planets, and 
 
(Bridge) 
 
(UHURA Captain Kirk and Spock enter the Enterprise as Red Alert sounds. An explosion rocks Kirk and Spock reach their bridge stations.) 
KIRK Spock, are we receiving an explosion? 
SPOCK Negative. 
KIRK Captain, can you hear me? 
SPOCK No response. 
KIRK The explosion is one of our ships. 
SPOCK We have lost power. 
KIRK I dont have it under control, but Spock has taken damage out of the 
transporter room. There must be an explanation. Captain. I have activated full power, we are on our way. 
SPOCK We are receiving an energy surge ahead. We are below a hundred thousand metres. 
KIRK Spock, we have got to move fast. Spock, we got to move fast. Spock, I want you to move 
 
(Mess hall) 
 
KIRK What happened? 
SPOCK Apparently someones tried to penetrate our transceivers. Captain, our sensors indicate no subspace energy 
signing. No tricorder reading at all. The device appears to be what is 
happened in a transporter beam. The energy surges indicate that it is the result of an 
explosion. Captain, I dont believe we have a transporter, so we have to act on the ship immediately. 
KIRK I will see what we have accomplished. 
SCOTT We cant move fast enough. 
MULASKI Maybe we better try keeping our target area off screen, Kirk. Cant the Romulan cloaking device 
target us. 
KIRK You are sure this ship can handle this job? 
KIRK Negative. It is too late. We have achieved warp speed warp fifty three. 
MUL
