======== SAMPLE 1 ========
OG. 
HUGH No. I didnt see a Borg cube this close. 
ALCIA You are Borg, as you were. You will understand the species name. 
HUGH True. 
ALCIA How was it? 
HUGH I will be you! 
ALCIA We were trying to track you when I told youd done it for us 
without taking our ship into space. 
HILLICK We were trying. 
ALCIA Theres a Borg vessel coming through. Take them to Sickbay. Bring the 
others. 
GATH Theres no need! 
(Hookita leaves them.) 
 
(Bridge) 
 
TRAVIS We are being scanned. They havent 
altered course. 
PHLOX Ensign Traviss scans are positive. 
 
(Bridge) 
 
HOSHI It was a Borg Cube we werent aware of. 
TPOL And the Borg vessel is still on course. 
HOSHI Im reading a residual Warp trail. Its on an intercept course. 
TPOL Traviss course. 
(A graphic showing the Cube is on a viewscreen. Inside the Cube is a 
massive cloud of helium and methane. Theres a firework display going on.) 
TPOL (in the lower, stronger voice) They are holding position. 
TPOL An EMIL discharge must be present to the plasma stream. 
PHLOX Im trying to contact the Borg vessel. Its not 
responding. 
TRAVIS Look at this. They havent got our signal. 
TPOL They havent gotten our signal. 
HOSHI Captain, Im getting a lot of interference from that probe. 
TPOL Acknowledged. Their scans must be defective, somehow to make us 
look at them, not to themselves but to their engines and their DNA. 
HOSHI I cant isolate it. Its too big. 
 
(Bridge) 
 
PHLOX Its composed of various synthetic products. Over a year ago there was 
evidence that some Borg were genetically enhanced, like those I found in the ships 
memory as they came out of hibernation. They have adapted over a century of 
the materials, but they have adapted quickly. We cant just ignore this idea. 
TPOL Thats unlikely. 
PHLOX The Borg are very secretive. I cant just turn a vessel around, especially an 
intelligent one, without warning. 
TPOL I have considered the alternatives, Captain, and I have discounted those options. 
Your Borg-enhanced DNA? Our scans showed you. Maybe if they knew we 
lived to the Maquis, rather than a thousand millennia ago, they would have sent a fleet of probes, 
Drones. They didnt even know we were on board. 
TPOL Maybe they wanted us dead. 
PHLOX We had to make sure they kept it alive. In fact, they might have come to my assistance 
right now. 
TPOL For what purpose? 
PHLOX They will destroy your civilisation one by one. 
 
(Bridge) 
 
HOSHI I cant get through. Theres no way to get through. Its like a virus. 
COMPUTER I cannot. 
HOSHI What about a virus that infects entire civilisation? 
COMPUTER That may have infected a limited area, but I cant find it. Its a 
poison. 
HOSHI I cannot get through. Theres no way to get in this situation. Theres no way to 
switch off. 
COMPUTER Negative. 
HOSHI Not to the Borg, and we cant get to the transporter. Theres been a 
dangerous virus they have to stay under control. 
 
(Bridge) 
 
TRAVIS Maybe we are getting their attention. 
HOSHI I dont mean to suggest we ignore them, Travis. 
REED They must have gotten a dozen of us. 
TRAVIS Probably. This place is probably about ten thousand light years of them. 
TRAVIS We are almost twelve thousand light years from here by now, Trip. 
REED I dont intend to make the scans here. When we get there, it should eliminate 
the possibility of a warp core. 
TRAVIS Understood. 
(A torpedo sails serenely past a nebula.) 
(The torpedoes travel slow, non-corpiloting to their destination, and then exploding 
to the main solar system.) 
TRAVIS Can you get a fix on the torpedos? 
