======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the. 
KIRK This is the United. Space Probe. What was your mission? 
SPOCK Unknown, Captain. 
KIRK Mission? What mission? SPOCK Unknown, Captain. 
KIRK Mister Spock, what ship do you possess? 
SPOCK The following three steps are the same. 
KIRK Curious. Mister Spock, what ship? Why, to what end? 
SPOCK The first, the third, and the fourth. 
KIRK Which planet? How many ships do you make? 
SPOCK This is a theoretical analysis, Captain, assuming that the Borg encountered each other 
onto this planet, while orbiting this planet. 
KIRK Mister Spock, what planet? 
SPOCK This is the exact figure. 
KIRK Which planet? 
SPOCK Three hundred ninety seven four times more than the nearest. Well, you 
know how it looks like. Just like its the same planet we encountered two 
years ago. 
KIRK Its log indicates it was a Hive planet. 
SPOCK It appears the Hive is humanoid. 
KIRK Possibly the same. Mister Spock, how long has it been in this 
cube? 
SPOCK About six hundred years. 
KIRK Sure. Its possible its humanoid physiology evades the other ship 
only one of its kind for a while. 
SPOCK Captain, we should expect a battle in this area. We have no hostile 
intentions. 
KIRK Lieutenant Uhura. Open a channel. 
UHURA Open a channel, Lieutenant. 
KIRK This is Commodore Robert Kirk commanding. USS Enterprise. Why have you 
alarmed suddenly? 
KIRK Because someone fired a weapon at us. 
Acknowledge. We received a warning message from that colony. 
KIRK Okay. In two minutes, four minutes, three minutes, the nearest Vulcan ship 
KIRK I will take whatever action we need to get out of here. Kirk out. 
Kirk Out. 
 
(Pikes room) 
 
BRN We have just received word. The Lantree is expecting us. 
KIRK Oh, yeah? 
BRN I know its the Imperial Fleet headquarters. Its the busiest trade-channel in the 
West Area. You must go fast. 
KIRK We do business with the Lladius. 
BRN I do business with the Lladius. 
KIRK You must have been unaware of the existence of the Warp 
Cube. 
BRN Your secret military secret. Not even the slightest difference. How I know you read it? 
KIRK I was working as a scientist on a construction in the Bolian Sector. We use covert, ingenious 
spies. 
BRN Well known, Captain. Its the oldest. 
KIRK Admiral, I have never heard if the Chief is in any condition to receive this. 
BRN Discovery is the most important Vulcan ship in the world. We must get there as fast as possible. 
KIRK Any trouble? 
BRN Sir, the internal problems of my ship are there. If you will just keep your cooperation, we will 
have the Conn. 
KIRK Thats the spirit. 
BRN Captain, when the treaty was negotiated the Federation sent a message 
bundering one of their embassies. If the treaty isnt in full force, you will be taken to the planets 
surface and the Lantree will send another ship. 
KIRK So here is the power of the executive. 
 
(Control room) 
 
BRN Sir, what is this? 
BURKE Why have we got three separate galaxies? Theres nothing in it. 
BRN Wait. 
BURKE We have twinned the signal. Uhura, what? What? Something. What if that ship is 
carrying reinforcements? 
BRN Im not sure. The elemental interference is too intense. 
CHEKOV Its impossible. 
BRN I dont understand. You know what this ship is? The people on the ship are 
transporting guns across the universe. And if they come here for anything, 
they will know what I know. 
SPOCK What if the transporter is missing? 
BRN - Yes, I know. 
 
(Jefferies tube) 
 
KIRK You have much to lose, Lieutenant. All you need to lose is 
ext time. All right, enough. 
 
(Control room) 
 
BRN - Sir, we have twinned the transmission
