======== SAMPLE 1 ========
/-oftext|> 
 <|startoftext|> PART ONE 
 
PART ONE 
(Temporary quarters) 
 
(A short distance) 
KIRK (in bed, alone. He lies down and takes a water shower. His head is 
boulder, domineering in a nightshirt) 
SPOCK (at a log) It was a personal log. Im no closer to finding him for the 
authority issue I dont care how the hell did I get here? I have been a year or so 
on the edge of a depression, more than I find out other ways to deal 
with it. 
KIRK We were looking for you. 
SPOCK You have always seemed to have a great deal of presence, dont you, Mister Spock? 
SPOCK I wouldnt call it a very pleasant atmosphere. Particularly pleasant 
I noticed how your fingers handled the communicator. 
SPOCK Sometimes I wonder if I was trying to imitate your style of speech. 
SPOCK My style of speech is not representative of all human cultures, Mister Spock. 
SPOCK You will have to be to maintain silence with others to maintain the 
tradledo. 
SPOCK It would be a mistake if I ever heard it spoken to you directly. 
SPOCK One communication, you would be all right with me on the other side for 
something like this. Maybe you could start. 
KIRK Not right here. 
SPOCK Not at all. 
KIRK I wouldnt mind, Spock, if I went back to the quarters? 
SPOCK No, you mean you are a total stranger. Well, I am not in the mood for 
fraternisation. 
KIRK Not at all! 
SPOCK You mean you are an acquaintance. 
KIRK Your relationship with the Vulcan people would be considered by the Vulcan High Command. 
SPOCK Yes. 
KIRK Why? 
SPOCK Thats what I thought the term was. 
 
(Briefing room) 
 
SPOCK They are very intrigued by your story, Mister Spock, Mister Spock, and 
susupported by you in recent years. 
SPOCK Yes, and I always wanted to tell them that despite being pursued by the 
Elorians, my people still make contact with the Vulcan High Command. 
SPOCK I understand your interest, Mister Spock, but I believe you are not much interested yourself. 
SPOCK You are not asking me to go home and have a young, beautiful, intelligent woman 
interruptor. And what do you mean that you are an attractive, intelligent woman 
that is 
SPOCK I will have to do, go to the mess hall. 
SPOCK The problem with the Ambassador is that you have no recollection of the 
aliens, the Ambassador. You are going to have to work very much 
 
(Ambassadors quarters) 
 
(Ambassadors quarters can be very expensive. A great collector should 
offer a complete alien costume in an effort to make a high-point seller. 
But its the Ambassador, and the high council will consider my request. 
SPOCK You are a member of the High Council, Ambassador Ambassadors daughter. 
PIPER You might not want to go back to the Ambassadors quarters. You can 
involve yourself with the ambassador as easily as anyone youd want in your own sphere of time. 
SPOCK Your efforts to engage 
PPCER We are all aware that most likely you will never take our ambassador to the Ambassadors quarters. 
SPOCK I must emphasize, Ambassador, my personal life is considered very 
PIPER The Ambassador never tells the Ambassador anything. 
SPOCK I was aware of you stating that. I felt this way 
that you speak. 
PIPER And you have felt the same way about meeting this woman than I do. 
SALISHI We always wanted to invite her to visit us whenever we talked. 
PPCER But you are not a member of the High Council, Ambassador? 
SALISHI I am a member of the High Council, Ambassador Alishi. I carry both the 
boots and the dresses. I represent the Vulcan people. 
SPOCK I would appreciate a tour of the Ambassador whenever I might be able to bring home something 
unique. 
SALISHI I thought you might give us your robes and the ambassador's best parts 
that Im ever wearing, Ambassador. I mean, the Ambassador will learn 
what a love charm means when she reads one of the symology symtpants that I wear
