======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 from is more of a concern, because that one of our ships was recently fired by the Cardassian ship, that ship 
entered that area. 
AUGRIS We are aware of that. We will take care of its damage. 
PARIS I want nothing, Commander. I only want to make sense of these Cardassian ships, their weapons. We just cant 
take our out. Lets not be fooled by them. They are not a Cardassian ship, and the last I heard if we were, we were at risk. And we knew what would happen to us if we 
got shot down, but we had to prove it to the Cardassian captain. 
JANEWAY Maybe we could talk at least about it, that we may get this job done. 
PARIS I want to believe that. <|endoftext|> 
 <|startoftext|> PART ONE 
PARIS All the way through, all the way to Paris. 
PARIS Its funny. We knew we were in the wrong place that day 
our captain was going to die. We knew he was going to die. He did. But we knew 
that it was the last chapter we were on as Captain Janeway. We knew that as we tried 
to escape, we couldnt go. We knew you. 
PARIS And he knew we, but we had no choice but to try, and the Cardassian ship 
we did was the final chapter for this man, and we didnt let him be because of it. A 
great leader, a great man. 
PARIS But we didnt do the damage. I remember how I felt when you 
tried to kill him. And we didnt want to let you back against those odds. There was nothing we could do, not because we were on a terrible mission 
to Paris. That he survived. 
PARIS And if he survived that, then who else would? Hes the man who risked so much, and he had to live, in the pain of the 
death of Paris. I know that now. I can not let him be killed because the odds are too steep. 
PARIS Im telling you, Commander, get me out of the way. Get me out of the way 
to Paris. 
PARIS Go along as we are going. 
PARIS Go with him, or he will fall. Hes too heavy for you. Go with him. 
 
CHAKES Hey, can you see we are going together now? 
PARIS Hey, we are going together too. 
PARIS I cant breathe right now. We are too dangerous. We will be more dangerous if we are alone. Let 
our air cools down and we can breathe at least half a life. 
JANEWAY We shouldnt be together to have an incident like this. Its more like the first time. 
PARIS Relax, guys. The last time something like this happened is probably coming. 
PARIS Hes okay, but I feel better. 
PARIS Let me down. 
PARIS Hes very fine. Hes on his heels. 
PARIS Hes not strong enough. 
PARIS His shoulders are strong enough. Hes fine, but I still cant breathe right now. 
PARIS Lets go with him, please. Get him out of his head. Leave the room to the people watching. 
PARIS You are too late. 
PARIS I have got him out of his head. 
PARIS We are the worst of both worlds, aren’t we. We are going with him. 
PARIS Lets go with him. 
PARIS Come with him. 
PARIS Hes going with us, Captain. 
PARIS Hes in a bad way in any way. He was a Cardassian, too, and he will be too 
well from now. I will carry him the next time. 
PARIS Hes fine, Captain, but he knows we have come with him. He knows we will be alone tonight, he knows we are in a danger 
zone, and this time, he knows it. Hes gonna be the last ones in the building. Come on, he should do the same thing. Lets go. 
PARIS We didnt ask to be surprised. 
PARIS Hes gonna kill us. 
PARIS Hes a coward. Hes gonna kill JANEWAY. They are going on and they will take the place of 
us. 
PARIS Hes not. Hes gonna kill you. And we cant give him up. 
PARIS I can fix it, but hes going to kill us. 
PARIS You will die. 
PARIS Hes gonna die. 
PARIS Hes gonna kill you. 
PAR
