======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 an, and yet. 
JANEWAY (OC) Good morning everyone, Captain. We have a surprise for you. I 
will let you know as soon as I have more news. I have been in a great deal of 
contact with the Kazon people just the last month. Its a very exciting time for the 
Bajoran people. 
CHAKOTAY Its also a very exciting time. Janeway to Torres. 
HOSHI (OC) Captain to Torres. This is Tuvok. 
TUVOK This is Hoshi. Its great pity I didnt recognise you when I was. 
JANEWAY What is it you need? 
TPOL It is simple. 
JANEWAY On the other hand, the Captain seems to havent forgotten that the aliens had contact with the 
Bajoran people. Janeway. 
REED (OC) Hi, Captain. Do you remember me? 
JANEWAY As I told you, its a very long time before this was all new to you. I wasnt 
planing to just pick up their equipment and make a push for the exits. I was 
always going to make sure they were out safely. Thats different. 
TUVOK As far back as I was concerned, I had no role in creating those weapons. I created them. And yet while 
I was in the crucicle, and the natives fought the indigenous species and 
it was a very promising time for the Klingons. After all, what the natives needed was the weapons and the 
explanations of how to use them. Then I was given that I needed them. And it was this. 
JANEWAY (OC) Go ahead. 
TPOL Captain, we may be on an expedition to explore a Kazon technology. Its a 
potentially good opportunity for us to get involved. 
JANEWAY Go ahead. We have got the Klingons already sent a patrol ship which may end 
in a war. We should be on our way to retrieve the Ambassador as soon 
as possible. I want you to be notified immediately. What are your feelings about 
this crew? 
TPOL Im not sure I would feel much of an issue as long as I lived in the 
past. As a result, this mission has failed. Captain, we should 
remain here now, make repairs, leave as quickly as possible. 
(Janeway leaves the Turbolift.) 
 
(Starfleet communications) 
 
REED Are you still there? 
TUVOK In the Maquis, sir. You will be in my position. 
REED We have gotten a lot closer to the Klingons. Look at the sensor data you 
have collected. It could prove that there wasnt a malfunction in our sensors. Now, look at the 
computer. Find something to wear that doesnt stand out from being identified as the Ambassador. Maybe some sort of 
military uniform. Find something that doesnt stand out from being singled out by the Romulans. 
JANEWAY (OC) Go ahead. 
FORREST Captain, we are on a diplomatic mission at Starfleet Command. I think 
we have gotten to that. You have our complete co-operation. 
JANEWAY (OC) The Maquis? 
FORREST Yes, they are quite capable of surviving in the badlands. If youd 
mind telling me where you are from I want to speak to them. 
JANEWAY (OC) Thats all the news I needed. 
FORREST As always, your loyalty has questioned itself. 
(Janeway arrives outside the Turbolift.) 
JANEWAY (OC) You have the right to know that I appreciate your concerns for the 
Bajorans. Its as I explained, the ship would have to be maintained in the 
foreground, not the Romulans. 
FORREST Yes, Captain. 
JANEWAY Have you been on a reconnaissance mission with the Kazon? 
FORREST Yes, Captain. In my opinion, the atmosphere has grown a bit better since that. 
JANEWAY Have you tried to contact Sisko? 
FORREST I have been trying to get in touch with them but they have been wary lately. Maybe 
they have increased aggression. Maybe the Romulans are preparing to make their position clear. 
JANEWAY Try to make myself clear. 
FORREST Yes, Captain. 
 
(Starfleet command) 
 
(The away team is still in the middle of their mission. The atmosphere is tense and the only person 
