======== SAMPLE 1 ========

 it. 
SPOCK Captain, sensors show two 
flooders, closing in about two 
centimetres from the planet. 
 
KIRK Prepare to fire phasers from the surface. 
 
(Kung-valek - caves/explosion) 
 
(Kung-valek fires all phasers at the fleeing ship) 
PENK Phasers from the surface, sir. 
(Kung-valek retreats further into the cave, while Kirk watches eagerly) 
 
(Kung-valek caves) 
 
(Kung-valek uses his great hand to shake the upper lid of the cave. 
Spocks watch with great interest) 
 
 
(Kung-valek caves) 
 
(Kung-valek whirls in his jacket) 
 
KUVAK My name is Koon, and I am Kurn. 
 
(Kang-valek caves) 
 
KUVAK Kwan. 
 
(Tucker watches him go, then hands him a towel. He reaches for it, but its just a 
t-she. He lets it fall to his skin, then puts it on) 
 
(Kang-valek cave) 
 
(Rocks a rope back and forthrights it to Uhura) 
 
KOLOPAK I will be all right. Im just going to finish my job in the 
second movement. 
 
(Kang-valek cave) 
 
KOLOPAK I will finish your job here. 
ROCK You can count me on us finishing it tomorrow. 
KOLOPAK I wont. I want a crew that can! 
ROCK Captain! I need a crew, my shipmates! 
KOLOPAK You will have me the crew tomorrow. 
ROCK You have me here. 
KOLOPAK You have to put them where I need. Im going to live down there, 
come for a visit of these magnificent ruins. I 
vant you to see these stars. 
KOLOPAK I wont be long-traveling down it or he will be lost. 
ROCK How amazing is Captain Kollos? Has he been elected Governor? 
KOLOPAK No. Hes a hero. Id like him to serve as my acting first officer until I find a permanent 
proper government. 
RAOCK I was appointed as acting first officer. You will be my acting first officer until I find a permanent replacement. 
KOLOPAK I was a little surprised at the decision. It came up in conversation with me. 
KOLOPAK You are a pilot. You have to get others to the ship. Someone here knows who you are. 
RAOCK It doesnt sound good. 
KOLOPAK It was a conscious decision. You have to get others with you. I dont believe this. 
KIRK I dont believe this. 
KOLOPAK I will be very helpful, in any way I can make it, for the rest of my life. 
MCCOY I dont expect that. Dont mention it. I wont make this my last officer. 
KIRK Youd be dishonoured to get a letter out. 
KOLOPAK You can count on me, sir. 
(Kang-valek leaves) 
MCCOY But is it a personal situation? 
KIRK It is a family. Yes, it is a lot of people. And who are you? 
MCCOY And how did you become this woman? 
KIRK I have known her long enough, I have loved her. 
MCCOY Well? 
KIRK Actually, we just started dating. 
MCCOY Oh, I dont know. Maybe it was a subconscious manifestation. 
KIRK But she is very sweet, isnt she? 
KIRK I thought she was, but, you know, thats not what it is. 
MCCOY Are you sure you want to leave? 
KIRK No. I think that she might want to stay, but I have to do some work 
on my present. 
MCCOY You dont go by, do you? 
KIRK You know, this may not look better than you thought, but it is good. I 
thought that I lost my friend, and I wasnt expecting to find 
he was here. 
MCCOY Well, I might go first, if I werent feeling 
I needed your company, Id probably be left alone
