======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 

 Im not comfortable here, so Id like to change you again. I think theres more room for room for some room on the left. Maybe I could work out a room between you and me. Well, thanks for that, Doc. 
MILO Captain Kirk. Are you the Chief or are you, Lieutenant? 
KIRK Both of us, but I have got to give you room. 
MILO What? 
KIRK The bed. It was a trick! 
MILO I cant. Kirk, lie down. The bed you are so strong. 
(Reed gives Kirk a little hug). 
KIRK You can stop that and you can relax, but not for long. 
MILO I dont know how far to earth. Maybe you can tell me what you want. 
KIRK What? 
MILO Long as you can lie, you have got us all. 
KIRK You could tell me 
MILO Yes, maam. 
SPOCK Mister Spock is in excellent condition. He appears to be in the greatest physical condition. 
KIRK Thank you for this, Mister Spock. We have completed our journey. Thank you. 
MILO That will be over soon. 
KIRK Good. 
(Reed turns to Kirk, and kisses him.) 
KIRK Good, Spock. How are you doing? 
MILO Well, as long as we get home, theres not much left to do, so we are going to have to work on you. I can keep us around. 
KIRK Thank you. 
MILO We are looking forward to that. 
KIRK Kirk, we really are all very lucky you came with us. Spock, Im sorry, Spock. 
KIRK Kirk, we are sorry we can still contact you. We cant keep on our ship. We have to take a little detinence. I should get into town. 
MILO No, Im the one who is with you. 
KIRK My friend. You could call me. 
MILO Okay. You have got enough. You are over so far, your friend. You are going to get a little bump up against some local resident of the day. Maybe a little bump. 
KIRK Do you have any experience with this particular group of residents yet, please? 
MILO Well, its a big city, and so we are going to get in pretty tough. Theres got to have some friendly character 
here, and there arent too many of them. 
SPOCK Very well, this is the Captain of the Enterprise. This is Commander Spock. Come in, please. 
SULU Yes, sir. 
SPOCK Thank you. We will start with your own. 
KIRK Kirk to Enterprise. 
KIRK Report. 
SPOCK (OC) There is no report of intervillality. 
KIRKIRK Mister Spock. 
SPOCK Spock? If you could tell me the exact location where the natives are from, we 
would have an effective place to get them. 
KIRK I will see if we can get them 
SPOCK (OC) Unfortunately that it is of too great a time. 
KIRK We could have them come to the ship if they wanted to. Im afraid we have got them into trouble. 
MILO I have no idea that that will be necessary. If anyone has a situation like Kirk, your police department is not 
in San Francisco or Oakland) 
KIRK Lets run some numbers. Theres no doubt about Captain Kirk. Theres over four thousand planets he could do it 
his way to, I will contact the Captain. 
MILO Kirk, your police department. If our situation is similar to Kirk, Id appreciate it if we could make contact with them. 
KIRK Thats a pretty good idea. 
K We will contact them right here. <|endoftext|> 
 <|startoftext|> PART ONE 
KIRK Captains log, stardate 47652.2. The planets surface is inhabited by inhabitants, in the most inhospitable locales, but our research facilities would be better suited 
to research in more advanced-advanced cultures. We will be conducting in-depth reconnaissance missions to acquire details about their cultures and history. 
 
(Bridge) 
 
SCOTT Well on our way here, Mister Spock. 
SCOTT Well done. I must say thats one bit too dry to say nice places. It could be a little warm up here. 
SULU They certainly have their
