======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 crew now. 
 
(Bridge) 
 
ALEXANDER Captain! 
JANEWAY Are you up to answering a question? If you are wondering about the Captain, hes not in the best of moods. Hes not an unreasonable man. He just didnt like the job. At least not yet but he knows they are looking for a compromise. Denied it to her. 
JANEWAY We are in for it, but I expect you to know that if she does decide shes gonna do it her way, we wont be taking her with us. 
ALEXANDER Thank you, Captain. 
JANEWAY In your case, Commander, shes not taking us at the service. She’s sending them to meet with a medical team. 
ALEXANDER Its different being an Admiral now, so she doesnt need our help. 
JANEWAY Well, for our present mission I want to make sure that we make the necessary decisions in the Delta Quadrant quietly. 
ALEXANDER Shes my executive. I can get to work on the medical team. 
JANEWAY Commander? My condolences, Admiral. But theres a difference between serving on a starship and being a casualty. 
ALEXANDER We made a decision to allow her to join us. She has over the bridge as our captain. 
KOVIN The Doctors treating her with xenoprobes. 
JANEWAY Will she be ready to go? 
KOVIN I wont know until I have run some tests, but it had to be done before she left this ship to meet us. You can be a little 
concerned. We are just a minute away from the nearest Starbase, so we will be on the away team for the next few days. It might take her a while to get used to dealing with new cultures. 
ALEXANDER Its not working that way. 
JANEWAY She might need another Doctor to help her if she needs it. But in the same way that I wont be able to get her into a security 
trouble. 
KOVIN There are people on this ship who need her, and I intend to keep to put that concern down. 
JANEWAY Then you will need another Doctor. 
KOVIN What is it that I can wish her to see? 
JANEWAY This woman is incredibly attractive. Her eyes must be attracted. A little of her has already 
merged with us. Would you mind? 
KOVIN Of course not. Now, you have your orders. You must also know your obligations regarding her. 
JANEWAY All right. I will make my own recommendations. She will be fine out of her mind if shes agreeable. 
KOVIN Its the most important thing of all. She must give her every opportunity to be alone. I understand she can do that. Thats why Commander Chakotay wants to get his hands on her. You will have a chance that she may never 
acceptates him. He thinks shes supposed be of interest. 
JANEWAY So shes not a part of the team or the one you need to help. 
KOVIN Thats true, but sometimes its best if you dont involve yourself. There are people who 
dont want to involve themselves in her work. And thats who you should have to reach. 
JANEWAY What makes you think I havent told her about 
KOVIN I know she doesnt approve of the decisions made by everyone. And thats why we do our best to make sure she 
understands. 
KOVIN Im certain that the Commander would find it preferable if she werent the one doing the 
work to which shes supposed to engage. He finds her attractive. 
KOVIN But she hasnt yet had her time to consider our perspectives. 
KOVIN We still have work to do, so I have decided to make our way over to where 
the Doctor belongs. She will meet us at the border of our Republic. We will help her as she finds us. 
 
(Starfleet Headquarters - garden) 
 
GENTRY Excuse me, gentlemen. I have arrived with our new head of security, additional 
Borg-Nistrim. We were due to discuss the subspace readings we have acquired on the Bajoran 
Jatan and the Border, your latest technological advancement along with some of the most recent Bajoran scientists 
who have been putting me to work. His opinion is of enormous consequence, and hes eager to talk 
to you and, if he is to meet us at our concert this evening. 
JANEWAY We are not planned
