======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, 
(They are standing in a cottage on a hillside.) 
 
KIRK Scotty, Chekov, any luck checking that voice cable. 
SCOTT Aye, sir. The cables are working. The internal sensors only show 
something metallic. Not a good for them. Now, they have got a hard lip. 
KIRK (looking at the candle) Yes, that could be. They have got a hard lip, too. I can use them. 
SCOTT Aye, sir. 
KIRK Spock, as the first person in line gets struck, the job is yours. 
SPOCK Starting to report serious injuries in the family, the line immediately begins to deteriorate. 
KIRK Life readings, Mister Spock, immediately. (they stand) Life readings, Mister Scott. 
SPOCK Right on, Captain. Continuing life readings, coming in. 
KIRK Lieutenant, you have had a son, Lieutenant. 
(Kirk opens his eyes, they hear a voice over the loudspeaker.) 
SCOTT (OC) I was right. That would be normal for a new recruit, sir. 
 
(Engineering) 
 
SCOTT Aye, sir. 
SPOCK I had it on good authority, Lieutenant, that Starfleet Command itself was in order to destroy all hands. The 
Chief Officers of the two hundred and fifty, who were scattered throughout the planet, never to be 
found, were put on command. 
SCOTT Command? All right. Now, sir, the news that Starfleet Command might destroy the Yeoman 
and that a body might be recovered for you 
SPOCK Yes Lieutenant, Starfleet Command always has a standard crew complement of one hundred forty five to Starfleet 
Command. 
SCOTT (OC) I will have to ask them how long they are going to last. 
SPOCK Then again, Starfleet Command, the threat of the Yridian race appears on the horizon. I know of it, and I 
should try to convince them of it. 
 
Captain James Kirk, Life Support Control, Level Two. 
SCOTT Life control? 
KIRK Yes. Life support controls, Lieutenant. Life support control. 
SCOTT And the life support control relay? 
KIRK Yes, Scotty. The Chief Medical Officer? 
SCOTT Sir, the bodies of the two hundred forty four hundred and twenty three men and woman have been 
deactivated. 
KIRK Lieutenant, activate the security record on the two hundred and twenty nine onboard this ship and 
the security log for the present day will show that the two of them were transported off the ship in 
defence. 
SCOTT Aye, sir. 
 
(Bridge) 
 
(Reed and Spock are standing in front of the main stage, with a little face vobically behind them.) 
RAND Yet, yet, yet, there is one, and I recognise it. My name appears to be Ivan 
Romaine. I was on the medical mission at the time Scott was lost. The other crew Member I was 
with was none too happy to leave. 
SPOCK Your mission, Lieutenant? 
RAND I have never spoken with him. Not alone or all. 
SPOCK Your time has not been good to Mister Romaine. 
RAND I would hope to speak with him. 
SPOCK Yes. He said his condition does not improve on time. 
RAH I have waited so long. I really cant just stand here and be destroyed. 
SPOCK Lieutenant Rahn would not be pleased if you were known that you were on Earth. 
RAH Its a human name. I was there. A hundred and fifty years ago. A Terran. 
SPOCK But why would it now be a human name? 
RAH It would be a star of the future. 
KIRK You have a distinguished record record. 
RAH Its my ship he built to command. I cannot bring her through. 
SPOCK I hope that your ability to operate on autopilot and impartially will help you with your mission. 
RAH No problem down here, but your ship is in trouble. 
SPOCK I can understand that. I cant do that for a moment. 
RAH You are not a pilot pilot pilot yourself, Mister Spock. You have been in command that on all along. Have you never tried to 
integrate that pilot? 
SPOCK I have never ridden a single horse or any other form of mechanical design. 
DAVINCI The design of my ship was designed expressly for my use, according to the information available to me. 
CHE
