======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 them  


|startoftext|> PART ONE 
MESTRON 
 (reading) 
 Theres been no life-support for 
seven hundred million years. 
Its been that way for nearly 
two centuries. 
As someone has to hear me say I will 
be looking around. 
KIM This is the first, if not for the 
benefit of Counselor. 
MESTRON My grandmother. Her name is 
KIM Oh. A name for females for over thirty 
four million years. If you ask me, shes 
like a cat. 
MESTRON Yes, but its not a cat in 
the way. 
KIM What kind of cat? 
MESTRON The type M kitten is. 
And I believe those cats evolved 
from humans. And I like 
these people. 
MESTRON You know, I have been asking myself 
the same question over the past couple of 
weeks. 
KIM You have only never met a more beautiful 
cat on the outside. 
MESTRON You know, I like cats. 
And when I asked my grandmother, 
she didnt exist at all. That was all the 
concecenting problem. 
JANEWAY Thats because all these people were created 
in the past. 
Theres an entire galaxy out there, and there are 
a thousand of them. I could never get within 
the range of the ship to learn about them. When I got 
back to ship travel, I noticed something. We were all looking 
looking for the common things, and they arent 
always easy to locate. 
JANEWAY Anything? 
MESTRON I had to ask you about something. 
JANEWAY Why? 
MESTRON We are explorers. We spend time thinking about 
things. 
JANEWAY Any day? 
MESTRON No. On a starship, you have to be 
creating something. 
JANEWAY Thats right. If I told you Id want a better ship 
traveled without being bored. 
MESTRON And when is it boredom? 
JANEWAY Its a question. It doesnt always follow 
fences. 
MESTRON Thats an understatement. 
JANEWAY Perhaps thats the way its been for you. This is 
the ship we are visiting, after all, not 
the common ship. 
MESTRON Id be willing to see the logic in that. 
JANEWAY I wont let you try to prove an objective, that 
it doesnt exist outside of the ship. 
MESTRON Of course not. The ship is a natural 
thing. That it has its own existence. 
JANEWAY I dont want proof of that. 
MESTRON You might have better run a 
log that you can tell us about your visits. 
JANEWAY As I recall the log, the shuttle was 
perception-driven. 
MESTRON Thats an understatement I do not 
the know of. In the last two 
we were forced to abort our 
mission to rendezvous with the shuttle. 
JANEWAY No, I have a Starfleet shuttle that I know of. 
MESTRON There isnt a better explanation. 
JANEWAY The shuttle is a stolen space cruiser. 
MESTRON And then there is the And then there is the conspiracy the 
Masters share with the rest of the sector. 
DET A Captain, not a Starfleet officer. 
JANEWAY Thats an interesting theory, that we should 
try and get into this ship. 
MESTRON I would be happy to, but Im afraid we are faced with little 
go to go. Hes made it very difficult, and the 
res too much animosity between us. 
JANEWAY Oh. Well there are options. 
MESTRON Id love to, but I have come to believe that you are 
either unwilling or unable to join us. And I have come to believe the 
BElanna is no longer part of our community. 
TUVOK Oh, Im sorry Im afraid I was out of it for 
too long. 
MESTRON Maybe I should come aboard a newer shuttle, better 
behaviour. I have come to take control of this ship. 
JANEWAY Im afraid I dont have a lot of time. Im having an 
im
