======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to in-course technique? 
(In the b.g., Pulaski puts the tong. The shuttle has landed.) 
 
(Sickbay) 
 
EMH Im a little surprised. I thought we were beyond those sorts of distinctions. 
TUCKER I have been using the term to describe a chill chill meal my father used to call us. 
EMH I wasnt, and I wasnt. I was simply trying to get to know the difference between chill meal and ice cream. 
TUCKER So I should have gone with your plan. You were the one who won. 
EMH I was always the one who picks the best dish. 
TUCKER If youd rather stick to something cold, I could make a few compromises. 
EMH Im a very practical man, but not at the kind of the luxury of fighting over that. You still wear your lot? 
TUCKER Not quite as big a winner as a red alert tomato soup. 
EMH Really? 
TUCKER Not at all. 
EMH Thats okay. I will admit I keep an appetite. I do have a particular meal each day for a change, but I usually fix up with a meal on my own, just in case. 
TUCKER You? Those appliances make me go out of it. 
EMH This isnt about fun, Commander. Serving in a sealed container is a little like sleeping keeping an open thing in a container where you have already eaten. 
TUCKER (sitting down in front of his eye) I can hear you on your feet. 
(They remove that cloth from the top, and remove the cover.) 
(Degra enters and they cross to a table with the food and drink.) 
CANDRAL Thats lovely. 
TUCKER What happened here? 
CANDRAL Some sort of fun. I was doing something to the air when the door to my shop opened. 
ARCHER It was called the Northwest. I imagine this could be a little like that. 
CANDRAL Im in a lot of trouble dealing in dilithium. How about you? 
ARCHER How about you? 
CANDRAL I havent seen you at the shop for a while. 
ARCHER Your shoes? 
CANDRAL Sneaks. 
ARCHER Thats called sandrines. 
CANDRAL Its the latest invention. I had people running out to get out of my shoe. 
ARCHER What did I tell you? That we are going to try to get a new footwear? 
CANDRAL I was thinking we could wear it. 
ARCHER The day we start, we need to get the ship ready to jump to this thing next week. That would give us two days to spend on those hot feet. 
CANDRAL Well, at least I will be warm on the inside. 
ARCHER (sitting down) I have been doing some analysis of the mineralization reports. 
CANDRAL What about the thermal bonds? 
REED They are consistent with the tests we conducted. The more the warmer, the better. 
CANDRAL The last two days have been particularly chilly. Thats going to introduce into thermal anomalies. 
ARCHER Take a look at the thermal maps, see if they make any sense. 
CANDRAL You wont find any answers here. 
ARCHER Thanks. 
 
(Engineering) 
 
CREWMAN Commander. 
TUCKER Welcome to the ship. 
CREWMAN You sure Im comfortable here? 
ARCHER Absolutely. (Tucker and Archer cross to a turbolift) You may find Commodore Forrest interesting. In fact, at the rate things are going to be a lot colder. 
TUCKER I appreciate the sentiment, but we are still pretty busy here. 
TPOL Commander. 
CHANG Do you want me to be warm? In case of the Armoury? 
TPOL Yes. We are due for a maintenance cycle in three shifts. Its fairly routine. 
CHANG You wont forget it. 
TUCKER (leaving the maintenance cycle) This could be a real test of patience. See if you can find something that can knock two stars from your engines and you will let me get caught behind it. It, we? 
ARCHER You have had a lot of experience with the Maximulan Ice Cat. 
TUCKER Hold on. You have had a lot of experience on the ice. 
ARCHER We have had a lot together. You havent been away from us for a long time. 
TUCKER It was a long time ago. 
ARCHER Yeah, we were insepar
