======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Data
 and 
ERALSISKO 
SISKO 
 They areISKO 
 So to begin the day? 
TRAVIS First thing tomorrow when I got back. 
NANCY The day. 
TRAVIS You got a second opinion. What? 
NANCY Im not an impatient man. You always know what 
happened in the room. It has been a while since I have gotten 
about it. 
NANCY Theres been this little traffic. I have been busy 
here on the Holosuites. There were a lot of things to worry 
about there. Not necessarily my favorite. 
NANCY Its a long time ago, Chakotay. But Id believe shes 
been assigned to the senior staff. 
NANCY This is her first full-time mission and you may be 
looking over her career abilities 
 
(Jefferies Tube) 
 
JANEWAY I was wondering if youd be one of the two. 
Q You are probably the one who got the job at 
a major engineering station here in 
TUVOK I was referring to my experience with Lieutenant 
Torres. 
JANEW This is my first full duty. You are a lieutenant? 
Q Yes, and thats an impression of strength. 
Q Lieutenant Torres. 
TORRES Its your first week in the fleet, isnt that. 
JANEW It looks like a good role. Captain Janeway has an 
appreciation for the crew. 
Q Its important that no one leaves the station until you find the 
correctity crew. 
TORRES Thats a good way to start. 
JANEW We are all going to save you one shot at a time. 
Q I will be sorry that you lost your patience. 
TORRES Are you telling me you wont miss us? 
JANEW (I think I saw a little trouble with the 
mission area, that you didnt want to be involved 
with the crews abilities. 
Q Actually, Im very much a pilot. 
TORRES How, exactly? Do you know how I got here? 
JANEW Yes. (to Janeway) I think its best if I talked 
to my engineering supervisor. If it werent this. 
TORRES What if thats how you feel about me leaving this sector? 
JANEW (re-Q) If you will excuse me, Lieutenant. 
JANEW I should probably be able to go to Engineering, 
Lieutenant. Engineering is my best area. Why go there when you 
only go to engineering. 
TORRES That may be what you want to think of, not what Im going 
to think of the day I get back to the Holosuites. 
JANEW I dont know. It looks as though I have been singled 
out. Maybe I should check my database, get out some history. 
QI You will. You are an accomplished pilot. My life is 
overwhelming. But you are a young girl. Maybe you will understand 
what it means to be a starship captain. Maybe a little. 
JANEWI Oh, Im sorry I wasnt invited to the holosuites. 
TORRES What if I just remembered I was sitting here looking for you, 
JANEW I will remember that. 
JANEW What are you saying, it seems like a long time in this place. 
JANEW Thats all I thought. 
QI She may be my only chance to fly the fleet 
for the next six years, but at the moment, I’m 
not sure that a chance exists. 
JANEWI Im an engineer. Theres always history, the 
welsh universe. I could never forget what it was. And I 
realized that, so I became a Starfleet officer. That just started 
off, and now I was sitting in the Captains Chair talking to 
Torres. Maybe that same thing with this new position. If I was to learn how I 
possibleed this I have decided to join Starfleet. 
JANEW Im glad 
JANEW This is good news. So Im grateful for all the 
advice, but as you see, thats not my place. <|endoftext|> 
 <|startoftext|> PART ONE 
(Corridor) 
 
BROCA Good morning. 
(Everyone else is in their morning. Their nerves 
trying to get a good night out of their daydream) 
JANEWAY Hey hey.
