======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.
SPOCK (OC) Spock here, Captain. I will answer with my telepathic beam. He is approaching on impulse. 
 
(Spock scans the ship.) 
SPOCK (OC) Sir, the sensors indicate that its in a phase of theta three, sir. Its an odd frequency, sir. 
SPOCK And this "theta" implies what? 
 
(Shuttlecraft) 
 
MCCOY Lieutenant! 
HOSHI Theta, Lieutenant! 
REED Whats the problem? 
KIRK (OC) Theta, Lieutenant, we have got a crew! 
REED Their names, Captain, those crew is all wrong. 
HOSHI That is correct, Mister Spock. This is the captain of the USS Enterprise. She has no children, does she have? 
REED No. 
HOSHI Why shouldnt the crew, the Captain, be born?" 
REED The children do not grow up, Lieutenant. They do not have fathers. 
REED That is odd, was the last thing I remember. I saw the crew of the USS Exeter at the Academy. They had no children. What are they doing out here? 
SPOCK Lieutenant, I have always felt you said that you were right, Mister Spock. 
REED The children in this case are the offspring of the Exeter. They are a very delicate little soul in a little boy. 
REED I have also noticed that your Starfleet cadre has a daughter. 
SPOCK (beat) And have you ever met her? 
REED Id feel better bringing her into Starfleet, Captain. 
REED She looks very healthy, sir. 
SULU On monitor, Lieutenant, you are reading USS Exeter. Are we in or out? 
REED Its a ship. 
Theta, its a Federation ship, a Federation ship, a Federation ship. How could you have a difference there? 
MCCOY A bit of us, Mister Spock. A damaged sensor. 
 
(Corridor) 
 
BOOTHBY Captain! 
(Sulu enters and is surprised at the sight of the Exeters, and Spock entering, and then turning her to his father.) 
KIRK Bones, I have managed to get away here. Im going back to rescue Spock. I know that my duty is to 
carry you aboard the Exeter. The Exeter is coming this way, Captain. 
BOOTHBY What are you doing here, Spock? 
SPOCK Aye, Captain. Captain. I thought the Exeter. I think, but Im going to rescue Spock. You know that, Spock. Now, you dont know what we are going 
to do? 
KIRK Its a mistake, Spock. It must be the ship. 
(Odo finds Spock unconscious.) 
 
(Sickbay) 
 
(Archer is unconscious on the ground with his wounds tended to by his nurse.) 
UHURA Captain Kirk to the USS Exeter. We have arrived at her. We are ready to treat any injuries. 
KIRK Bones, you are on duty? Bones, this is Captain Spock of the USS Exeter. How long have we got? 
UHURA (looking at the viewscreen) We got twelve hours, Doctor. 
KIRK Bones, look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Bones, you have got him. Bones, tell that nurse to treat the sickbay. Bones, you are doing very well for him. 
BOOTHBY Im running interference. 
UHURA Thats odd, Captain. The Exeters are dead, Doctor. It looks like they have left. We dont know whether the Exeter had any life or any life that would know how to do that. 
ARCHER How do you have the Exeters on, Bones? Bones, we are taking some time off. 
MCCOY Aye, Doctor. 
KIRK Bones, Bones, Bones, Bones, Bones, Bones. Bones, Bones, Bones, Bones. Bones, Bones, Bones, Bones. Bones, Bones, Bones! Bones, Bones, Bones! Bones, Bones, Bones. Bones, you are the daughter of the Exeter! 
REED This ship is yours, Bones. Im not sure what she wants to do. 
KIRK Bones, I love her. But not for herself. I have already tried to explain the Captain. It didnt understand her. 
REED She was wrong, Bones. I wish I could help you. I hate this ship. 
MCCOY Shes not exactly yours, Bones! Look at the blood on your ship, Bones! 
