======== SAMPLE 1 ========
? 
KIRK Yes - I have heard, but we will be in trouble one night. What do you think of it? My friends, how did you get to meet the Romulans, when the Romulans made peace?
KIRK My friendship - a thousand times better than anyone I have ever been in contact with. I was the one of the lucky ones to have made the trip to the Romulan border, and it was with my help that I discovered that Romulans have become one of the leading power brokerscers in our society. 
KIRK They were as wealthy as they could be, the Romulans used to be. This planet has become a major trading and industrial hub and I have personally learned to be more critical. 
(Kirk, as he turns to Spock and takes her hand, then to Kalf, and smiles.) 
KIRK (OC) Kirk, I understand you have been studying my case of death. 
KIRK (OC) Yes. My personal circumstances are less certain. 
SCOTT (OC) I suppose that you have a better explanation. 
KIRK (OC) Yes. 
(Kirk and Spock exchange a smile and nod) 
KIRK (OC) Now, the only people who have the emotional capacity to handle this are Chief of Security on a starship, and Commander Sulu. His voice is only audible through his intercom unit, but I have 
given him access to communications) Kirk, I know who you are. (Kirk gestures the others over) Please, Captain, you dont mind if I say something of a condolence. 
KIRK (OC) I think that will be very helpful. 
(Kirk, Spock, Spock and Kirk speak again) 
KIRK Kirk, Captain. 
KIRK (OC) (Kirk and Spock, again) I dont think you are the best to talk to about the Romulans. They have had 
the opportunity to talk in peace. I wish I had this chance for the Romulans. 
KIRK (OC) (Kirk and Spock) I think I can. 
(Kirk and Spock, smiling, nod and nod at Kirk) 
KIRK Kirk. Spock, Chief of Security. 
 
KIRK (OC) Kirk, I want to talk with you. 
KIRK (OC) (OC) Kirk to your quarters. 
KIRK (OC) (OC) Kirk off your mind. 
KIRK (OC) Thank you. 
 
(Kirk and Spock, smiling, nods and nods and nods at Kirk) 
KIRK (OC) Kirk. 
KIRK (OC) Kirk. Kirk. 
KIRK (OC) Captain. That sounds wonderful 
KIRK (OC) Thank you. Thank you. (Kirk heads for his quarters) Spock. 
KIRK (OC) Thank you. 
KIRK 
SPOCK His death was unexpected. 
SPOCK I suppose he had no choice but to accept it reluctantly. 
PARIS I dont believe there was any possibility of an accidental accident. 
KIR Yes, I believe in any way that any unforeseen deaths do occur. 
KIR I can. 
KIRK (OC) But how do I deal with this? 
KIRK (OC) Captain, I have a question. What am you trying to make of it? 
KIRK (OC) I think Spock. 
KIR Well, this is a great man. I respect Spock. 
KIRK He is a brave young man. 
SPOCK Captain. I respect Kirk, too. But we cannot deal with their death. 
KIRK This ship has to be destroyed, Chief. Captain! 
(Kirk shakes his head) <|endoftext|> 
 <|startoftext|> PART ONE 
(Chronitos Bridge) 
 
REPT Captain, the Enterprise is not in danger. We have a problem with the primary power system. 
KIRK You are talking to Lieutenant Commander in the Command Area. They have been assigned to the mission. 
REPT Commander, Lieutenant Commander, Lieutenant Commander, Lieutenant Commander Commander. 
KIRK I have got a fix. On one of the turbolander turbolays with a turbocharger, a jet went down. 
EMH Sir. 
KIRK This is a power source. 
EMH Mister Chetti. Let me get you out of this. 
REPT I will be going. 
EMH Lieutenant Commander. 
 
(Corridor) 

