======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 guards.

(Engineering)


HOSHI We will never find them in here.

(Shuttlepod)

KIRK We wont abandon you in an emergency.

(Bridge)

KIRK The crew will remain home.
KIRK What is your best guess?
KIRK I dont know.

(Engineering)

KIRK All right, thats something different. Im glad you are here.

(Bridge)

BARCLAY This isnt going to work.
KIRK (quietly) You are not going to quit me because the Captain just told me you are on the Bridge again!

(Engineering)

KIRK Yes. Im going to put the ship on automatic, then I will be going to sleep.

( Bridge)

KIRK Stay with me?

(Engineering)

KIRK We will go to maximum overload before we overload
(BARCLAY Yes, sir.)
(As Kirk walks into the turbolift)
KIRK All right, Lieutenant.

(Bridge)

KIRK (in a voice) All right you, Captain. I will keep waiting for you to join me at my ready at nineteen hundred hours.
(A beat)

(A turbolift)

(Kirk leaves)

(Kirks quarters)

KIRK Lieutenant.
KIRK Im taking what Im a little too far.
KIRK No. I will not abandon my ship in an emergency.
KIRK No.
KIRK This is my duty to you.
KIRK I ask that you reconsider abandoning it.
KIRK Your duty is my right. I dont know what you are talking about.
KIRK Thats whats important?
KIRK Yes, its what it is.
KIRK You have a little to know about me.
(He holds up a hand for hers.)
KIRK You have nothing to tell about me.
KIRK Well, well at first glance, you might say that I have a little too much to say about you.
KIRK I will see that you are right. I wont abandon you and force you into a fight that you have no stake in. I wont do that just yet. I expect you to give up your fight if you will let me win. Maybe you will have other options. In the meantime, I suggest that you adjust your mindset so you may not try what you are about to do. The sooner you do the right thing, the better it will get the crew of the Enterprise to leave.

(A turbolift)

(Bare)

(As Kirk walks into the turbolift and turns down a turbolift)

Sickbay (open) Report, Doctor Crusher. Your oxygen supply restored a lot. The Captain gave it back for another twelve hours. Do you have any idea what caused the extra oxygen, Doctor?
KIRK A lot.

(Kirkks quarters)

KIRK Hows she doing?
MAYAH So much better. We are getting her all back to normal now.
KIRK So what?
MAYAH Our Doctor has an idea.
KIRK A day?
MAYAH You seem excited. We just need a day.

(Sickbay)

KIRK The doctor wants us to be ready.
MAYAH You are anxious. We have lost two more people. We need to get you to the ship.
KIRK Yes, maam.
MAYAH How is she doing? I will keep you informed, if she needs anything.
KIRK (reluctant) How?
KAYAH She will be fine. Id like to be beside her.
KIRK So?
UHURA Captain.
KIRK I need you to go down there.
KAYAH We have to go to the shuttle.

(Astrometrics lab)

(Kirk is watching as the ship is launched into the atmosphere, with the turbolift door opening and closing slowly as Kirk watches as the doors slide shut. He is not happy with the fact that the turbolift will leave him out.)
KIRK The doors are now closed.

(Bridge)

KIRK The turbolift doors are open. We are in the shuttle.

(Astrometrics lab)

KIRK Im here. Im working with the science officer.
(The door slides shut. He tries to climb from the ladder.)
KIRK (laughs) You are with him.
 (laughs)

(Engineering)

