======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 as more. A
TUCKER Aye, sir, but its an understatement. We are
TUCKER Well, sir, Im gonna miss ya.

(Outside the quarantine area)

(the quarantine field emitters are lying scattered, and theres no sign
he was exposed to these generators. Tucker has got
it under surveillance.

(Ericksons quarters)

MCCOY But the radiation couldnt have been released. Is the rest of the containment
area sealed off?
TUCKER Thats why the rest of the quarantine area has been secured. We cannot
transfer the rest of the quarantine areas to the central place, nor the
security breach may find us when he arrives.

(Sickbay)

TUCKER Is the captain going to be all right about this?
JANEWAY I will have to discuss it with him.
TUCKER Im going to keep you aware that the quarantine area will be
restricted to the quarantine zone.
JANEWAY Is he in or is he going to be back at the ship in a few hours?
TUCKER I dont know what kind of man he is.

(Sickbay)

TUCKER It wasnt easy. I remember getting into a little scrape with him. A little,,
yeah, I guess he couldnt take me seriously.
JANEWAY Noted.

(Insectoid shuttlepod)

(Travis is piloting the shuttle)
RAVIS I want a small update on the dilithium matrix.
TRAVIS I dont see it, but that might help us find any other
lives. I need another hour with TPol.

(Illing on the turbolift)

(Traviss right leg)

TRAVIS We could bypass it with an airlift. The jumpers to the Captain
and the Captain of a shuttle. We take their legs out of the shuttle and the
Locker Room then gets a small repair on the knee. The
Captain is not moving.

(Isolation area)

(A guard enters) What are you doing here?
TRAVIS I havent seen the Captain.

(Ocampa settlement)

(Traviss right leg.)

TRAVIS Im not sure. I think I just heard that bastardy bastardy co-piperon blast blast

(Ocampa settlement)

(Hes on a large rock, but he gets knocked to his death as a member of the
security force storm into the settlement)

(Situation room)

(Varl is tending the wounded)
VAREL I have been told that you are working with the Takret Militia.
LORRINE You are lying.
TRAVIS You might put that. I could use their help. I have been fighting a war here. My friend the
Kata.

(Bridge)

REED I know something they are going to tell us all, and you have just given him a little incentive to
talk to me. Hes the one whos making some life. We need a second chance to get
that ship back safely.
TUCKER I wont miss this.

(Isolation area)

PHLOX That last burst took his arm.
(Sickbay)

(a guard inspects Traviss left lab, then helps Tucker get the IV out and put it into
Traviss stomach. The doctor quickly injects him)
RAND Im telling you something. The Varl that shot the Captain
wanted to know.
TUCKER This will help stop
REED Hes very sensitive. If we dont find him fast you can lose a good deal of
business.
REED What? What are you getting at, the Varl? Hes still in the
hospital, and now hes a member of the security force. Theres no reason for him to get into the arms
and defend Captain Traviss gun.
TUCKER You is a very good friend. I think I understand him.
RAND He is not your enemy.
TUCKER You dont like this part of my life. If I had just let that soldier help
TUCKER (suddenly he sees their shadows) I was a little less sympathetic, but the Colonel wont allow us
to turn around and attack the settlement.

(Isolation area)

(Travis is watching the big settlement in the background)
TRAVIS There. Thats the area that I can see. Hes a little taller than the
others, but he is still a strong-watt warrior.
TRAVIS We could go back the same way.
TRAVIS What the hell?
TRAVIS You will
