======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 he We have no intention of harming
each others, but I have to get us past the
captains.
GRAN (on viewscreen) I dont like her. I have a better
alternative to her?
GRAN (on viewscreen) Thats what you really think. You dont like the
captain?
GRAN (on viewscreen) There are times when taking a step
that can hurt, but Im not one for them.
GRAN (on viewscreen) You don’m like her, do you. What
’s it.
GRAN (on viewscreen) What’s it, Captain? It’s the power you’m
using.
GRAN (on viewscreen) How, how.
GRAN (on viewscreen) Theres a power imbalance we’m’m
getting more and more
glanced at.
GRAN (on viewscreen) If you’m running a power imbalance, how do
you’m doing so?
GRAN (on viewscreen) I’m not using
enough power for a moment. Im trying to
GRAN (on viewscreen) Can we handle those
power fluctuations?
GRAN (on viewscreen) No, but I’m ready to go and get them.
GRAN (on viewscreen) Are you sure they’m not
creating a power imbalance?
GRAN (on viewscreen) Yes, I’m aware of this.
GRANN (on viewscreen) Then I’m afraid that’s why we’’’’’’’’’’’re standing down now,
not running this ship. We’’m trying to stop
the destruction of our own system.
GRAN (on viewscreen) Well, I’m willing
GRAN (on viewscreen) But I’m not willing
GRAN (on viewscreen) I’m not saying the captain

GRAN (on viewscreen) I’m not. Just thinking
it’s possible.

GRAN (on viewscreen) You’d be.
GRANN (on viewscreen) I’m not denying
you.
GRAN (on viewscreen) I’m not saying we’should
leave your Captain on the deck

in charge. My responsibility in this
ship’s to you. He’s not

or’m dead yet. I’m only
thinking, oh, maybe we’’m
ready to leave the
captain.
 GRAN (on viewscreen) But he’’’s on the brink of death.
GRAN (on viewscreen) You’ve been very kind to offer
so much to me.
GRAN (on viewscreen) Then’s not enough.
GRAN (on viewscreen) There’s a problem I’m
not’m aware of.
GRAN (on viewscreen) But I’m looking for an opportunity that’’s not
like what I’m looking for, and I’m not
taking it. We’re willing. And if you’’m ready, I’m
with all the necessary technology
to complete the repair.
GRAN (on viewscreen) Why’’s it so difficult to convince
you to bring this ship
to her?
GRAN (on viewscreen) And because I’m so much like you.
GRAN (on viewscreen) And because I’m so eager.
GRAN (on viewscreen) I’m not interested.
GRAN (on viewscreen) Because I’m afraid you’’’’’’’’’m afraid me. I’m not afraid of
you, but you’d be more likely to
GRAN (on viewscreen) I’m just here, and I’m not looking for you.
 GRAN (on viewscreen) I’m…
GRAN (on viewscreen) I’m afraid that’s not going to work for you.
GRAN (on viewscreen) Then’s a good way to figure out
about that’s impossible.
GRAN (on viewscreen) Its just the way it is. And you’re
more like it, but there’s
something about us that’s different than
other beings.
GRAN (on viewscreen) You’’’
