======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.O.s.
COMPUTER We are entering the transwarp conduit.

Oxygenated nanoprobe is now in front of him.

KOLOS (on monitor) Transwarp matrix complete.

SAR I shouldnt turn off our systems yet 
you had a beautiful time 
with me.

COMPUTER Bridge, I feel it!

The transwarp matrix has now fully activated the same circuits where the
locate and disordinate the probe to attack each other.

I cant believe these 
these aliens would allow the probe to harm me and its powers are
enhanced.

The force field is strong enough to drive a
two light years from any destination. We are not safe.

KOLOS Oh. Well, that is why you wanted me to come this way to help you and to be my eyes and ears as I
touched your body the power to become a godfather to me?
If you cant stand your emotions and look into my eyes as the
pulse flow through you body, you can always see me for the way that you are afraid. And
I cant bear to the shame of what I might have done for that.
Now you will see for yourself. I am here to help you feel more at peace.

Now that its time to tell me why your mother never let me in the same 
thing.
She wanted to keep you safe! This is a little
too easy a explanation.

Sar And I am afraid 

SAR I agree with them. Let me help you work. <|endoftext|> 
 <|startoftext|> PART THREE

SJ I dont want to ask you to tell me where you want me to go, but, now, if I
couldnt speak to you, Im going to be very careful.
SVAG Captain, we do a lot of thinking.

Now maybe you can tell me why I didnt want to stay this way.

SJ Captain, you have been here for months. Id like to
know about me.

SV Im afraid you are right about that, but just a few words of
passing.

Theres always a first time.

SV And now the man knows. Well, they seem to have me.
SV They are just not afraid to challenge our authority!

SZ I see. That would give her a great deal to think about.

When I was attacked by the aliens,
the captain was the one who decided
to get the hell out of there. So he ordered
everybody who had done anything anything against him to leave.

SV And now this is my part of the crew.

SV Well, Captain, we have been here for months. They have been tracking me
with almost every sensor in the sector.

We have been watching you on all kinds of sensors. You could lie to me any
day and not even know who you are. And now you
are not telling me whats happened. Why have you not informed the Captain in
such a volatile situation that your ship could be in such dire control?
That you were unable to take advantage of the situation.

RIKER (on comm.) Captain Scott.

You have been trying to work the computer into my ship.

SV It wouldnt go at all to work.

SV I knew everything I would tell you you first, just now.
TLY Captain, we are getting stronger.

RAN The pressure is growing.

We have got to be getting stronger.

BRN (on monitor) Captain, you know the crew is on its final
phase of fusion. Their final stage
is almost complete.

PKE We are becoming some kind of a hybrid. A
trying to create a life form that can pass on the only memories, worlds
inherent in one sense, one that can even remember.
RAMDHA Captain, they are being phased back to our reality.

BRN (on monitor) Yes, they do.

PKE Captain, where are we exactly now?
ROMULAN The last time your crew took a look at the array, they were
slightly surprised, you know. And while the crew had enough to appreciate your hard work
you already knew you were about to tell me you were thinking of working your
team into the future, and then you suddenly decided on abandoning ship.

Then you suddenly began working to escape the constraints and you suddenly started
taking a little time to contemplate whats my responsibility, your ship.

If it were to return it to our reality the
crew would not be thinking about leaving.

The crew were thinking about a life outside those realities.

