======== SAMPLE 1 ========
K. it didnt work, so we went back to
the Alpha quadrant and left.
KLINGON (OC) Commander, theres an urgent
 communication for you from the planet.

(Bridge)

(The ship is at Red Alert. Kirk enters, moves to Spock, claps him
in his hand.)
KIRK The Alpha quadrant?

(Transporter room)

SPOCK (OC) Yes, Captain. But the vessel is no longer at Red Alert.

(Bridge)

SPOCK Theres now a lot more activity on the planet. The sensors beam seems to be picking
up

(Transporter room)

SPOCK theres another ship, four hundred light years away.

(Bridge)

SPOCK The third. Its directly in front of us.

(Room)

KIRK And it must be tremendously powerful.

(Bridge)

(Two ships are making a war, and the walls are echoing.)

(Transporter room)

SPOCK (OC) The walls are strong and intimidating. Still, I doubt we have ever faced
anything near these walls.

(Bridge)

SPOCK (OC) Understood. (they beam out and
end up together. They return.

(Transporter room)

SPOCK The third has disappeared.
KIRK We are on our way, Spock. We will find them together.

(Planet surface)

SPOCK Understood, Captain. Keep me posted.
KIRK Spock?

(Bridge)

(It beamed back to the Enterprise)

(And the other two have joined, hugging each other.)

(Planet surface)

KIRK Understood, Spock, and you have disappeared.

(Bridge)

MCCOY Spock, listen to me. A ship, a life, and then a vision can be
transported out in a second, within seconds.

(Planet surface)

KIRK The Transporter can be arranged, Bones. I can use it to connect with the first 
world form.
SPOCK Acknowledged. Any progress?
KIRK Im afraid not, Spock. They are missing me.
SPOCK Jim?
OCCY Jim, how can they break through the security field? What if they break through the
transporter?

Captains log, supplemental. The Enterprise has been brought down on the planet, and life has been
suspended on the surface of the planet. <|endoftext|> 
 <|startoftext|> PART THREE
(Engineering)

(Kirk gets to use a large panel aboard the Starship. Castillo and a couple of N.D.
crewmembers are working consoles.)
KIRK Ready?
CREWMAN Ready, sir.
KIRK Go ahead.
CREWMAN Ready, sir.
KIRK The vessel isnt responding.
CREWMAN Correct. The ships not responding.
MCCOY The helms not responding either.
KIRK Castillo, have you tried anything?
CREWMAN The hull pressure is increasing still eleven thousand psi, sir.
KIRK Get me Sickbay.
(Transporter crewsman enter.)
KIRK Doctor McCoy?
MCCOY Yes, Captain? Whats going on?
KIRK Shes been hurt on the surface. Theres nothing more to be done, Spock.
MCCOY No doctors. There must be.
KIRK She has another injury. My first
Doctors appointment is next week.
SULU Doctor McCoy, Captain, the ship is under repair. Its vital to repair. We must
find a solution.
KIRK We have got to try to repair. Not destroy the ship. If the power reserves are still dangerously low,
I can repair. Im going to try.
MCCOY Captain, when you went back to the Enterprise, the Captain said if anyones hurt me,
you could break through that energy with just a finger.
KIRK Just use it. Dont let it touch you.
MCCOY I dont.
KIRK You will break through the energy without breaking your neck. You wont break your neck.
MCCOY Jim, I dont understand. I have broken my neck. Im going to miss it.
KIRK Its too bad.
MCCOY Jim, if we have broken up, I will be on the bridge.
KIRK Bones, you could take command.
MCCOY Im on the bridge.
KIRK Im taking command. I dont take orders.
(McCoy enters, hands over a pair of instruments.)
KIRK Scotty? McCoy
