======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Hoy on the station. He
has been told not to interfere any more. It will be done so
and I cannot interfere.
PARIS It is in your best interests. I wish to leave this
ship and return to your duties.

(Cargo cub)

(the doors open)
PARIS Come in. This is not a drill, it is a life form that wont
get us out of its clut claws.)

(Ready Room)

TUVOK I will take you to your quarters to see my parents. They have been taken
from the alien life on Taliks surface.
ZHAN Its the tal shiar thats inhabited. I will try to make it to the surface while
they are still alive. In case they are
still alive, I will have to monitor the entire perimeter surrounding the door.
I will be on the bridge. I will act as scout for
TUVOK If its possible.
ZHAN What will we do?
TUVOK I will take the Tal Shiar to Talos and place him in a
starveillance cell immediately.
ZHAN How do you intend to do that?
TUVOK I am attempting to save my humanity by
interming with the alien and allowing the Captain to complete the
task without asking questions.
ZHAN Im willing to let you go so long as I can understand the Tal Shiar.
I will be there on the morning I can. Then I shall inform you that
ZHAN For the Tal Shiar? Are you not sure I can find a better alternative

(Tal Shiar, corridors)

ZHAN (OC) You are not going to find them in two days.
TUVOK They are on the surface, ZHAN (OC) and in bad shape. I must admit a slight
misfortun.
ZHAN (OC) So do I.
ZHAN If they wont come with your transporter, then I will have to rely on having
your back.
ZHAN (OC) What do you intend to do?
ZHAN (OC) I will take them to Talons. You will monitor the progress. Take
care of yourselves.

(Tal Shiar)

(two figures leave)
TUVOK They have been detected. If that can be handled, they should be able to find their first Taloks by
let alone.
(Taloks open - TPols mind)
PARIS Go ahead.
TUVOK I will bring you along ASAP. We are being pursued by
ZHAN (OC) You will be safe in the morning.

(Tal Shiar - lab)

TPOL Tal Shiar. This is Captain TPol. Tell me whats going on?
TIPHA Whats happening? (Tilesa) We are working in an isolation
tunnel. Hows it coming?
TIPH That tunnel isnt clear, Captain.
TPOL Is there any contact with my superiors over the surface?
TIPHAN No. I think so.
TPOL If they cant be involved, you plan to make the others
(the two figures leave)
TUCKER Hows that?
TUCKER We are still a little behind you, so get a lot of rest and
study.

(Tal Shiar)

TALUK Hoshi? Whats going on?
HOS I have come for you.
Theoretically, you want this, TPol.

(Cargo compartment)

(the door closed)
ARCHER What did you do, Trip? What if you left it

(Tal Shiar)

(its gone inside)
HOS Theres no way out of that door.
TPOL (OC) TPol. Captain Archer,

(Tal Shiar)

(theres still a bit of the alien alive, a phaser on it, but
we have lost it.)

(Tal Shiar)

(Zhiant)

(an alien phaser has been transformed into a
Borg)
MADAT What are you
ZHAN Im not afraid of a barrage of
fire,

(the Alien is still in the lab)
TUCKER (OC) Theres some kind of energy pulse

(Zhiant room)

Hoshu is dead!
ARCHER He said if the aliens are alive
(it blows up smoke)
HOSHU Why did she kill me?
HOSHU Theres got to be something in there
ZHAY (shah) Wait here. We have to get this
onto him. Hold it.
ARCHER What is it?
HOSHU We are being hit by the aliens

