======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 calibration you have been having these headaches. They
are not always easy. If you rest, they are going
to be more severe, and I dont want any more
badass treatments. So dont get serious until
theres a cure.
PARIS You will be the first to know.

(Sickbay)

EMH If theres something you want to see,, you
said it was urgent.
JANEWAY What the?
EMH You have been using your mobile emitter.

(Ready room)

PARIS You have just managed to stabilise the emitter and we are
moving into position.
JANEWAY Good. EMH,
do you have a minute?
EMH I will be on my way.
JANEWAY Commander. I have some concerns.
You may be developing an antivirus.
EMH We have had some preliminary tests, but
ouraviors are safe. It is still an active
diagnostic for the condition.
JANEWAY When we arrive, Id like to know. When
your people first arrive, I want you to know
your patients history is full of patients with
diseases.
EMH I understand.
JANEWAY And please, dont start to feel
like some of them.
EMH I have noticed this kind of behavior before,
Captain, but never heard of it
except in science.
JANEWAY Maybe you are attracted to our medical
practise, which seems to be your
special interest. Its
rather fascinating to me personally.
EMH It is quite fascinating to see how someone so
far distant from
the human beings of the twenty-six years still
removes. I may be attracted to someone
far more remote in the ways of space-time. The
limitations to their capabilities are
unique and human.
JANEWAY Well, Doctor, I wont point out those details.
CHAKOTAY Captain, we are moving ahead and I have to
assume command. The Doctors going to be in the Astrometrics lab
while I am on leave.
JANEWAY There, thats it I will have to go. My duties as
physician and as part of Starfleet
JANEWAY I will be leaving.

(Station lounge)

TINCOO Where are you, Tom?
PARIS Where are you, Tom?
TINCOO I dont know, I dont know, I just find you, and
sitting here. Do I have to call security? Im the Doctors friend.
PARIS We didnt do anything wrong. He acted in a medical
profanity. Wheres our doctor?
TINCOO There is one at a time. The first. I have seen the two of them.
PARIS What are you doing here?
TINCOO My condition is serious. It requires a series of
special care.
PARIS Theres nothing special about it.
TINCOO I was developed last year by one of our physicians and I
applied best I can.
PARIS Good. You are well, I have a doctor.
TINCOO So do your friends.
PARIS They are having trouble with this.
JANEWAY Janeway to Security. Whats going on? Are you there?
Are you ready to beam over?
(Engineering)

TORANISH Why isnt there any hull damage from the Borg attack yet?
TPOL No damage to the Borg device, Captain. The device is
inoperable.
TRAVIS I cant arm it.
ARCHER (OC) We have damaged the primary shield but we cant
transfer the cargo.

(Bridge)

(As the above paragraph is in the fire for emphasis, the ship
has been destroyed.)
REED We are losing hull integrity.
TPOL Captain, we are under a major hull breach.
ARCHER Do you see a problem?
TPOL One major hull breach, Captain. Fortunately, we are in a position now.
ARCHER Hold up. I know we are going to lose the warp core, but I want
to make some modifications.
TPOL The damage is the only major problem of the ship now. I will
do what any time.
ARCHER Do you have any ideas?
TPOL I think you are welcome to call, if I may. Your colleagues and I
are having difficulties at the academy.
ARCHER It could be a while before we hear from the Borg.
TPOL Captain, perhaps we should find an early departure
or do the JemHadar find them.
ARCHER I have always found it beneficial to migrate when faced by
opportunities. We have a point zero return on our course with life aboard.
TPOL Theres no guarantee
