======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, in
.

TUVOK In fact, we are working on a way to reverse the
effects of
Tuvok and get Chakotay back to the
Alpha Quadrant.
BARCLAY I have been skeptical ever since we were
first
established here what would you have us do to get
CHAKOTAY Im not so sure. We are the ones who are doing the
job. The two of you

(Sickbay)

EMH Im sorry. I dont know what to do. Im sure your
brain wasnt damaged by the implant. Its
most unlikely. Im not certain.
TUVOK Then you are suggesting that I should let you
into the Gamma Quadrant and then we will let you leave.
EMH I will never let you do that.
TUVOK There is another option. We can make arrangements for the
Neelix to travel to the Alpha Quadrant.
EMH What about the temporal matrix?
TPOL Theres not enough time.
EMH They will be here.
TUVOK We should arrange a meeting. It will take several hours.
EMH Are your people on the surface as well?
TUVOK Its been safer.

(Astrometrics lab)

EMH Im afraid no, Im having some problem down here. I feel
some kind of radiation. Its coming from the lab.
(A holographic image of a lab. Three workers are working in and around.)
EMH I feel fine.
TUVOK Theres some kind
(He walks into the picture.)
EMH Im fine.
TUVOK Are you feeling all right?
EMH Yeah.
TUVOK Do you have any idea how this happened?
EMH I had a little drink. Im fine, I wasnt
surprised to hear that.
TUVOK What happened?
EMH I just fell asleep. I thought I had a falling
feel to it. Im fine now.
TUVOK You have been sleeping like a rock.
EMH I wasnt sleep but I thought it was the
desertification. I woke up.

(A lab)

EMH My brain looks a little worse than
normal.
TUVOK This may not have some kind
of biological explanation.
EMH No. Maybe the environmental exposure wasnt too mild. Im
certain that was the cause of your illness.
TUVOK If you dont tell me about it.
EMH Yes. I will be back on board shortly. I will be in your office as
soon as Im finished. No! <|endoftext|> 
 <|startoftext|> PART THREE
(Astrometrics room)

SEVEN This shouldnt be so difficult.
KIM So long as it has to be.
SEVEN (on screen) Seven. Im sorry to hear this. I think you
shouldnt be here.
SEVEN (on screen) Im fine.
KIM Okay, I will be back.
SEVEN (on screen) This wont happen. Im fine.
KIM Okay, well, its all right. I will be back as soon as I can. Good night.
SEVEN (on screen) Good night.
SEVEN (on screen) Goodbye, Seven.
KIM What do you mean?
SEVEN (on screen) Im sorry. Im not used to being in a menial
tube. A few microfibres of water should suffice.
KIM No, I can see that! I will be back as soon as I can.
SEVEN (on screen) This wont keep you from getting sick.
KIM What if you are not?
SEVEN (on screen) I wouldnt need any more medicine.
KIM Why are you so convinced hes innocent?
SEVEN (on screen) Because hes nothing but a fraud. Im
sure its my most effective countermeasure. An alchemist of sorts,
sure of he wasnt put to death.
KIM Well, how about that? Your mother, how come?
SEVEN (on screen) I wasnt sick.
KIM Why want me to tell you I wont do anything
SEVEN (on screen) You dont know anything.
KIM Well, Im not a fraud. Id really enjoy your being in a
lab, but not a ship, you know. I cant do both.
SEVEN (on screen) Of course you can. You are a fool. I have only seen four
of two men survive in this one.
KIM Thats lucky you didnt get sick.
SEVEN (on screen) Oh, yes I am lucky I wasnt one of the four.
KIM Oh, well, Im not. I have
