======== SAMPLE 1 ========
os this morning. Its more than half over. He should have made it to the surface. He will return soon.
TPOL Theres no time to believe you.
TPOL What are you doing?

(Tunnels)

(Degra is walking along when the temperature goes off. The cavern windows are opening when the sunlight enters.)
PHLOX Hes coming out of it.

(Bridge)

ARCHER Quickly.
(Degra comes out of the chamber. The doors open.)
ARCHER Now, get down to the surface. The temperature is decreasing twenty eight degrees, nineteen twenty five, seven two forty five kilodynes.
TAGRA We are close enough.
ARCHER We dont need to give him any more than a few seconds to regenerate. The rest of his cells should be starting to shut down as well. We just lost one another.
TAGRA I dont want to be your Enemy.
ARCHER I told you we were going to the surface. You are correct. The forest should be this way.
TAGRA The forest shouldnt be this way. The skies are no point here. The hills should be this way, even though the ground is cold. The water should be this way. Deep. It will boil up from the lake. The trees should be this thick. Let us clear of the forest before it will erupt.
ARCHER How about a weapon?
TAGRA Yes. We could construct a phaser that would reach a tree as far as the humanoids can tell it. You would probably be able to blow that kind of a hole in yourself in someone elses place wouldnt you?
(Another shrapnel-like weapon will go off in a big explosion. The wound goes deep.) <|endoftext|> 
 <|startoftext|> PART THREE
(Shuttlepod)

ARCHER We have completed our tests, the test bed has been modified to look at the needs of the crew as well as the needs of the other candidates think that makes you a part of such an important crew.
TPOL We have been conducting extensive tests involving simium particle. It will bear the brunt of the effects of this asteroid passing through our atmosphere.
ARCHER We will see what we can do about the others, then.
TPOL Theres little else I can do for you, if necessary.
ARCHER My feelings toward Trip are no different than mine for the woman.
TPOL He’s not responsible for what might have happened to his crew.
ARCHER I’m dispassionate. I’ll get right to the Doctor.
TPOL As an experiment, he would have been more cautious. But you might be able to do more than that without moving closer to your core.
ARCHER Why not? Im not going to move much.
TPOL A direct injection. That would be safer. It’s a reliable form of demonstration that the medical is not always easy to support.
ARCHER I can take it hard.
TPOL Even if its true, I know the Doctor would never willingly expose his own life in the first place.
ARCHER Why the long nose?
TPOL It’s the uppermost part of the shaft.
ARCHER Has your nose come back through?
TPOL Yes.
ARCHER I’ll take it easy.
(The injector goes bangs when it comes back to life.)

(Ready room)

ARCHER My crew has done in forty five hours what should have been done in the same time. Forgive me, friends, but we will take the ship into the atmosphere.
TPOL I have an appreciation for your efforts, but you’s only making a small fraction of the people you’re going to take with us.
ARCHER I’m never going back there. I’m choosing a new plan.
TPOL You have risked your lives to come here, have you lost your mind?
ARCHER No. Im choosing a new mission, and we’ll be there.
TPOL Theres a better idea.
ARCHER If theres a better idea what we could do, I’m not going back.
TPOL Theres a better idea. (clamoring) Hoshi. If you’re listening to me, you’re getting the wrong guys. They’re leading us into the atmosphere, which isnt going to turn in our favour.
TPOL You’re forgetting something. If they stay here long enough, they will probably be able to forge a habit of collecting and removing the spores. If we do eventually go into hyperspace, we should be able to re-enter the atmosphere.
ARCHER Maybe you ought to give yourself over to them, like Hoshi.
TPOL I
