======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a the real truth. We will accept the
truth from our Captain, and trust in
your judgment. But the truth is

KIRK And if I think about the captain, I want to see

(Kirks quarters)

KIRK My thoughts are free.

(Kirks quarters)

(It sounds like a little too sanguineous a tune, and theres not a lot
intended tone)
KIRK I told you some of the songs I write is for you. You may be able to go
over them for an hour and then write it a letter each in one of my letters. Well, if I dont get
along, Captain, I dont write anything. I never saw you on the planet
but I assure you, you will be able to sing the parts without me at all.
(Thats the way he keeps his own music, but says "with great depth")
KIRK Very well, but its got some really good musicians. (to Kirk)
Captain, Im certain youd do it. Come on, a little more.
(She stops singing, and he gets right back and starts playing again. Then he sings)
KIRK Come on, a little more.
(They pause and he ends up singing and he ends it.)
KIRK Now all the songs. Oh, there was that a song, a poem,
an evocative, and perhaps not the greatest melodies I have ever
seen.
KIRK And I have never written any poetry. Never written anything else.
KIRK I think maybe I have read your poetry.
KIRK I would never play those plays, but its probably very good in the world.
KIRK Of literature, I have never read any novel, of fiction. If you want
music, you have got to get to the bottom of the world.
KIRK I may be able to play musical notes, Captain. We will finish with a dozen
pieces. (Entering the doors)
KIRK I appreciate what you need, but I wont write your poems about this.
(He takes the other books out of the bag.)

(Corridor)

(Kirks quarters)

(Kirk starts to study the book)
KIRK I think it was written by a man who was obsessed with the idea that everything was
purpleable so that the person who loved it was also loved that. He claimed that
love could only be achieved through absolute devotion.
HIRK Well, that sounded about it.
MCCOY Perhaps. Maybe its true love.
KIRK I understand.
MCCOY Well, now you are the only one who can appreciate this. We have got to take the books down to the
levels. We may write them ourselves, and then they wont write them down to the
levels. Kirk, I think youd better start with some music.
(She starts playing a few chords over and under, and then she starts to improvise)
KIRK Good start, Bones. Good start.

(Kirks quarters)

(The door opens and McCoy enters, then Kirk moves out.)
KIRK Good luck.
MCCOY Good start.
MCCOY Good start. You will get to keep them here.
KIRK All right. All right. Thank you.
MCCOY Howd you like the company of your sweetheart?
KIRK Good luck.
MCCOY All good. I will be able to play your music.
KIRK All right. You will stay here. If I dont get to pick them back.
MCCOY I did not intend to hurt you, Captain.
KIRK Then what will you do, Doctor?
MCCOY I have no choice. You are out of my reach. I find it
sending, Captain. There were no choice in this affair, Captain. The man who loved, loved, loved,
he had no choice.
KIRK All right, Doctor. Good luck. (she starts improvising again)
MCCOY Oh, my child. The other night that, I could give you three songs that
would have you to play without your mother. No, I didnt think. And I had you play and I would tell no
one about your love feelings, but you told me to keep her here.
(Kirk leaves his daughter, who then takes her arms)
KIRK All right, Doctor. Goodbye, Captain.

(Corridor)

KIRK Come on, doctor. Now tell me about this. What does this ship-the stars
bought-up look like?
MCCOY Are you talking about the way I do?
KIRK Of course
