======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ANGARCLAY
 Im sorry, I have to leave.
KIRK What are you doing? I know how to do this,
but hes gonna kill
you and then send a message back to our
attack station, then send them on
board.

(Shaft)

(A band of outlaws comes down the stairs toward
Sulu. He doesnt know who they are,
and the only way he gets to them is by running at them from behind.)

(Bridge)

Sulu, where are we?
U.S.S. Enterprise Bridge Crew

(In the shuttle)
U.S.S. Enterprise Bridge Crew
U.S.S.S. Enterprise Bridge Crew
KIRK If my people are going to die, at least I have
one place in the shuttle.
U.S.S.S. Enterprise Bridge Crew
U.S.S.S.S.S.S.I Did you steal that? You think this
would steal the ship? I dont think so.
U.S.S.S.S. Enterprise Engineering Crew Dont make fools of me,
took you? I have no idea what you are talking about.
U.S.S.S.S.I I have no idea what you are talking about.
S.S.S.S. Enterprise Bridge Crew The crew is all dead, and the security
scene has been secured.
KIRK Security? Are you saying this is the security? Or
do you have a team around you?
U.S.S.S.I You are a very handsome android, arent I?
TEN I hope theres a team around you. If thats how
we are going to get out of this, I want the support of a whole
team.
S.S.S.G. Bridge Crew No, its not what they think, is it? You are not Captain.
U.S.S. Enterprise Bridge Crew No, no.
- (p.s.) -
TEN You think I have got the support of you, do you?

(Corridor)

(The boarding hatch opens and the guards enter the ship and start fighting)
U.S.S. Enterprise Security No. The aliens! They are crazy.
RUTH And this crew is crazy. They can just as easily been pushed
off and set. I know what you are going to be fighting. I will
defend it. And right now, you are crazy. I will kill you! I will steal
your precious hide!
U.S.S. Enterprise Security No. No. The alien! The alien!

(Sings)
(U.S.)

(A band of outlaws enters the turbolift)
U.S.S. Enterprise Security No, no. My people are tired of fighting! It
has started too late! You lost, and I have won. We have just been a
thief.

(Shaft)

(A band of outlaws steps toward the doorway to the next level.
They reach the main access port)
U.S.S. Enterprise Security No! No! No!
(Hoshi ends up and knocks out the band. Uhura is rushing
through the doorway, as if trying to escape. But the band goes
with her and she is flung against the wall. The sound of her hair on her
stomach.)
U.S.S. Enterprise Security No!
(He stops, clutching his head, and starts to cry. Sulu walks directly across the
floor while yelling at him. He staggers behind his shoulder and is pushed into the pit.

(Armoury)

U.S.C.A. The alien! (The alien is trying to strangle the guards. Uhura
stumbles behind him.)
U.S.S. Enterprise Security No!
(He throws the guard to the floor, as if he could use its arms against him.)
U.S.S.S.C.A. The alien! (He tries to grab the guards again.)
U.S.S.S.A. (holding a torch) I’’’’’’ll’t fight anything! The
badd’’–’’s dead. I’’’’’’’’’’-’’m’m’wa’s not on your side.
(I’’’’’’’’’’’t leaving, is I’m’’m’’
