======== SAMPLE 1 ========
,
 You want another word?
RAND Look, thats the last word.

(Planet Surface)

EMH Im sorry to be confined here. I had to use her imagination.
KIM We are explorers, Doctor. This world is a rich, growing culture.
MOSUELLE The future of the galaxy, the future of women.
EMH I wonder about the source of your doubt, but, theres been a misunderstanding.
KIM Thats not acceptable.
EMH Of course. What should?
KIM There is a ship running through the galaxy. Its a
strange ship, the Yarah of the Time, a ship of Prophecy. It escaped from the stars in our
past.
REED An escape pod? How?
KIM We tried to run but were surrounded by a force field that extended across the galaxy.
We tried to run but there was no way to get to the ship, so we had to force a little back in time.
KIM We have a lot of space to travel.
EMH There is such a thing here amongst us, but we are not explorers or scientists.

(Planet Surface)

EMH I see a very familiar ship on long range sensors. It is the Jaliens. The Jaliens left
this morning to pursue their quarry. These days I wonder how they might have found the stone
of Gol 

(Ready room)

MICHAEL Yes, but you talk too much. Are you sure you dont want to talk about this?
ARCHER Then get over here quick.
MMICHAEL Then hurry.
ARCHER (holding up his hand) You have got a shuttlepod down in the atmosphere. We can take it
here.
MICHAEL You cant run? No, but he might try.
ARCHER We will take your shuttlecraft.
EMH Im not the captain.
ARCHER Then Im in charge of this mission, and Id like Captain Connor not to
ignore my orders.
MICHAEL No, my lord. My lord! My lord!
ARCHER Lets get down there.

(Engineering)

JANEWAY My people have the potential to create a humanoid species using their imagination and their talent.
But you dont have the courage to do so. You only have the strength to give yourself to me.
CHAKOTAY You can think of a thousand different species, but thats a rare one.
JANEWAY The Orions are the dominant species here, Harry. They literally built this amazing ship from the
past.
CHAKOTAY They built this ship to impress Koroth. If you look back through the eyes of the
past, you will find an empty path through the stars'
TORRES Where are you going?
JANEWAY To the past.
TORRES There must be a path, a path of some kind to the future.
JANEWAY Is yours or yours?
TORRES You are not an explorer. You dont build these things from
whats past.
JANEWAY It was a mistake to come here. I built these things from the
past.
TORRES I understand. You believe in the power of the universe, the
world, the world we knew. We chose the right path to the future because we wanted to
reach the crystal caves. We believed that a crystal cave would give us a
way to get to the crystal caves. But instead, we chose a star. Our people
struggled with their bodies, and somehow they got to build this thing from scratch.
TUVOK I see.
KIM What is it?
RALE Well its another Koroth ship, Harry.
JANEWAY And its another Koroth. Whats it like?
KIM We live here! I get to be Captain, and there are days when those
power units run off down to the stars. When that happens we will come back to the stars. And they will give us
the energy drink. We can keep it warm. It will take a while to get us out. You will be
walking along the path you have set for yourself. And we will find a new home every
twenty nine hundred years. And we will be on the bridge when they find us. And we will be on the
starfleet, Harry. And they will give us the power. They will transport the ship out into space.
We will stay here.

Captains Log, stardate 51382.1. After due consideration, the Captain has agreed
with the Jaliens decision to
JANEWAY Yes, but Im not certain yet that I have the strength to do as he tells me. I ask that you consider my proposal.
JANEWAY Of course, I will need your help. You are not a fighter
