======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 would 
 JANEWAY Take a shuttle to Sickbay. 
 KASHYK (OC) Thats an order. 
 JANEWAY Well, keep me informed. <|endoftext|> 
 <|startoftext|> PART TWO 
 (Astrometrics lab) 
 TORRES Theres no evidence of any type of alien interference. 
 SEVEN We have observed no unusual readings. 
 KIM This is odd. Im getting odd readings from the other 
 quadrant. 
 JANEWAY What? 
 KASHYK We believe their entire homeworld was subject to a 
 geological process known to the Earth family of 
 extinct organisms known as "the Process." In 
 fact, the presence of them is consistent with 
 the first recorded instances of activity on our computer. 
 JANEWAY That doesnt support our theory about whats happened. 
 KASHYK I know the planet looked pretty homologys dump. We were looking for the 
 best signs of life extinct and we found evidence of a massive 
 geological upheaval. 
 JANEWAY But we found nothing there. 
 (Corridor) 
 JANEWAY How? 
 KASHYK Well the earth records recorded that it would happen sometime between 
 forty seven and fifty years in the distant future. 
 JANEWAY And if we are right the ships engines were going into 
 a severe state of flux. 
 KASHYK Perhaps this is a mistake in judgment of the process. 
 JANEWAY Your analysis of these chronographs doesnt support ours. 
 KASHYK I agree we have a stasis chamber here, but it is very unstable. We never 
 left it there. 
 JANEWAY There just must be a way to access the chamber. 
 KASHYK You mean you want to get in here alone? 
 JANEWAY I didnt intend to come along with you. 
 KASHYK It would mean leaving the planet there. And as you may have heard, there are some other 
 life-forms on board. 
 JANEWAY You find this a little difficult to believe. 
 KASHYK I think its worth investigating. 
 JANEWAY I want to know how we came here. But Im going to need a lot of your 
 help. 
 (Engineering) 
 SEPTIMUS It is very common to refer to an alternate power source which would 
 increase energy output of the internal combustion engine. 
 KASHYK What about the exterior? 
 SEPTIMUS I have removed every piece of the exterior 
 casing to open a specific valve. There are no existing controls. 
 KASHYK No! Theres no new ones. It wont be working. 
 SEPTIMUS It will only be a one power cycle. 
 KASHYK A power conversion ratio of sixty seven gigajoules should do the same. 
 SEPTIMUS Even a year. 
 KASHYK We just found a way to access the power conversion ratio of sixty six million 
 bore points three. 
 SEPTimUS We can convert that data into a power ratio of approximately seventy seven teracuries per 
 minute. 
 KASHYK Sixty eight million is the best I can give you. 
 (Sickbay) 
 SEPTIMUS If theres no indication of any specific strain, I would recommend 
 sterilising your genome. You should consider it harmless. 
 EMH I have already done that. 
 SEPTIMUS Did you ever have anything more aggressive? 
 EMH My own genes contain quantities of se and sevrin that would be extremely hazardous to the 
 crew. 
 SEPTIMUS Those wouldnt be good candidates for Starfleet Command. You have no record 
 of offending Starfleet officers in those fields. 
 EMH The other candidates seemed to be ignore me when I pointed out that they werent fit to 
 the job. And to tell the truth, theyre not fit to me. They have their 
 flaws. 
 SEPTIMUS And the worst part of that is, these are the genes you targeted 
 in the first place when you said they were not fit to 
 the job. 
 EMH What are you thinking, this is a punishment? 
 SEPTIMUS I decided to let you know that I was assigned to 
 an important mission. It was science, of course. 
 EMH I saw you taking that into account when I left the ship, and I 
 thought, after I said that these werent genetically compatible. 
 SEAURUS Oh, I understand you have a
