======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Captain it. How many ships have you seen. 
 KIM Except two. Damaged. We are to have a hover as soon as we get back. 
 KIM Visual range. 
 SCOTT Not bad. Nice work. 
 OHAWA Its that damned near there, sir. 
 KIM This is the Bridge. The ship is yours. Take over and try to take back or 
 defend yourself. 
 OHA Wait, Captain. My name is Michael. 
 (Bridge) 
 KIRK (OC) Captain, we are approaching the Neutral 
 Zone. 
 (Kirks quarters) 
 KIRK (OC) The Klingons want to avoid a confrontation with us. If we do, they will 
 ignore us. 
 SULU Captain, lets go. The Klingons will have to reinforce their ship to get us away. They 
 have to act like adults and not pretend to understand whats going inside us. 
 KIRK What exactly are those powers? 
 SULU (OC) Thats what our ship is trying to do, Captain. 
 SPOCK Captain, what are the chances? 
 (Engineering) 
 KIRK Get them out of there. 
 SULU But they have seen we are a Starfleet vessel. 
 KIRK How are you of Starfleet? 
 SULU Qapla! What are you do, Spock? 
 (Bridge) 
 SULU Now close enough. You have got to isolate the ship. There are no areas on board 
 that can be properly separated from the core. 
 KIRK We will send one set of our ships into space to take aboard all three 
 other vessels. And the warp cores. I want each vessel replaced as a 
 ship-wide, for all purpose. 
 SULU But you cannot take them aboard? 
 KIRK The logic of the approach is obvious. 
 SULU But Captain, where is the other ship? And where? Come again, Captain. This is no 
 duplicate universe. Its an illusion. 
 KIRK Its also your ship. Look at you you Captain. Those are the same markings you wear 
 at Starfleet Command. They are the same ship markings we gave M-5. The service 
 record of your vessel, and the letters of your captain, written by an officer at the 
 Federation Academy. Forgive me, Doctor, but that is it, isnt it? The letter is 
 lying in a dark space pocket? 
 (Sickbay) 
 (Phlox is scanning TPol on his EMIL suit.) 
 PHLOX Watch this, Doctor. 
 TPOL The EMIL signal is no longer within its designated co-pilots. 
 PHLOX Recheck the helm. 
 TPOL Thats impossible. 
 PHLOX Lets take a look. 
 PHLOX Monitor your EMIL activity. I want you to monitor whats going on on. 
 (TPol walks in, and Kirk gets his face.) 
 KIRK Doctor, hows M-5 going to get back to Earth? 
 EMIL You cant expect us to have a Starfleet vessel. You will have to play with the 
 rules, M-5. 
 PHLOX But M-5 is under some rules, and you may lose your crew. You 
 havent found a Starfleet ship, but you can have Starfleet 
 help you find one. 
 (Engineering) 
 (Kirk sees the Starfleet vessel, and turns, sees a Starfleet logo beside the brand-name 
 cross on the screen) 
 KIRK M-5. Take over, Doc. We know you are looking for the ship. We want it back. 
 (Kirk turns it off and goes over to the top of the warp core) 
 KIRK Do you know where it is? 
 (At the top of the cliff) 
 KIRK Thats the third time in three days. 
 (Engineering) 
 KIRK All right. What do you make of it, Scott? 
 SCOTT Im a little stuck here, sir, but I promise I will get through this. 
 KIRK Its a ship-wide ship-wide ship-wide ship-wide ship-wide ship-wide ship-wide ship-wide ship- 
 spanner. 
 SCOTT Im a little busy at the moment. Starfleet must have issued, in case they think 
 our weapons critical. 
 KIRK We havent even tried a warp core-drive system yet. 
 SCOTT It would take months to build an engine- 
 sufficient power ratio of a warp core
