======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Affirmative. 
 SEVEN Why are you here? 
 KELLAL You know theres still a lot of things you have to 
 discuss. You could talk about the way 
 things are in space, how things are 
 in the ship. 
 He looks a little embarrassed. 
 KELLAL We wont get around 
 until morning now. 
 He exits. He is in tears and is 
 afraid hes never going to be able to 
 talk about this now. 
 (He leaves.) 
 KELLAL I told you. You had been a problem 
 with us in the past. The time is 
 coming when this 
 mess can be 
 solved. 
 (He leaves, then looks to 
 again and sees that theres just one 
 man, an alien man.) 
 KELLAL Whoa. What a pleasant 
 surprise. I hope it will be pleasant. 
 PHLOX Hes in love with a woman. 
 KELLAL He may get a little carried 
 by her. 
 PHLOX But what does the doctor say when hes 
 been lied to? 
 KELLAL No, thats an old question. This is a 
 question not of a few individuals, but the 
 question of a life in space 
 PHLOX There are no known medical 
 protocols. Hes in no medical 
 hospital. Why do you need someone if you have got 
 the medical supplies? They are over a hundred years old. Whats 
 happened to the drugs? They were all 
 approved by the medical and medical authorities 
 at least ten years ago. 
 EMH Who approved your application, Lieutenant? 
 PHLOX The medical authorities. Our mission, a mission for the future, 
 to cure a life of mental illness, to 
 end a generation, to end all the 
 abuse of psychiatry. And that mission 
 has been, and there are still a few 
 challenges to overcome, but the only one I have 
 to overcome is your own mental illness. It 
 doesnt be possible. There are no 
 medical protocols. Youd think Im not 
 even going to be aware that youd been 
 lied to. Im going to have to have to look 
 into everything, my personal, medical and 
 social, to determine the origin of your 
 addiction before I make any 
 decisions. 
 (She exits.) 
 KELLAL You know what you would do 
 PHLOX I need to have a mental health evaluation. (beat) 
 KELLAL Im sorry. 
 PHLOX Well in the meantime, Im going to have to find you a 
 medical examination. You said you wanted to do this all 
 on your own terms. 
 (A room with several doors, then closes to reveal 
 EMH who goes to a monitor. Its filled with monitors and people, and a 
 doctor. The people are a strange blend of a few physical and mental 
 anomalies, but the crew is healthy and normal, and the sky is red 
 with a few more interesting anomalies. This man is one of the most 
 beautiful people we have ever encountered. One of the most remarkable 
 individuals we have ever encountered. 
 (Another room) 
 PHLOX No, Mister Palkowitz. 
 KELLAL Who are you? 
 PHLOX I am Palkos. That, Mister Palkowitz, is your first 
 real home. And this time, Mister 
 KELLAL Mister Palkowitz. 
 (He leaves.) 
 PHLOX In what way? 
 KELLAL Well, Captain Picard said you 
 PHLOX You never had the pleasure 
 KELLAL Mister Palkowitz, you werent on this mission. You werent talking to 
 me about your medical needs or about some 
 mission, some project you might have been, or you 
 might not. Well, I have got to talk to you. 
 PHLOX You are here to research it. Not to 
 begin experiments, but to understand. 
 KELLAL Mister Palkowitz, you dont 
 have to continue these experiments. You 
 need to find a patient. Mister Palkowitz wasnt even on 
 your planet. 
 (He leaves leaving the room to carry 
 a clipboard.) 
 KELLAL What did you do? Whats going on? 
 PHLOX Perhaps there will be a few weeks 
 of space travel ahead. 
 KELLAL No, Mister Palkowitz. Im an educator. Im going to 
 have to spend the entire next five days 
 with Mister Palkowitz at the very least. 
