======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 one
 a woman to be. 
 NEELIX Shes not an idiot. 
 KIRA (OC) She wont stay with Klaestron. She cannot stand the insults of his 
 followers. 
 NEELIX I respect your cause. 
 KIRA (OC) But they have begun to doubt your abilities. 
 NEELIX What do you mean? 
 KIRA A misunderstanding has occurred. 
 NEELIX Why? You have been using me to lead a 
 charade, to try and destroy MY sister and your 
 father. 
 KIRA Do you know whats causing these changes of 
 yours? 
 NEELIX I have been studying the changes of your sect over the last 
 eighty century. 
 KIRA Heres what I think youd know. We have been running 
 studies of it. We have been losing ground. It is true, you made 
 mistakes. The mistake was to think that your brother was 
 the harbager and/or. 
 NEELIX I have made mistakes. I have been able to change that. 
 KIRA Tell that fool to listen. 
 NEELIX I had no intention of listening to your 
 preaching. 
 KIRA You could have changed your mind, Neelix. I have been 
 studying your work for fifty years. How can you change it now? 
 NEELIX You are a scientist. I have been studying your work for centuries. Now, I 
 dont want to change it. You think I have become some kind of 
 fool! I suppose I have. When I come back, I will 
 bring back you to me with me! 
 KIRA (OC) I dont believe we are going to win by attrition from time to 
 time. 
 (Corridor) 
 KIRA I have a daughter and I will expect an explanation. Do you have one? I hope so. 
 (Sickbay) THE med-tech was supposed to remove us for observation, with 
 two or three samples, but I have to perform. We said we wanted to stay for longer. 
 KIRA Now how do you feel? How do you feel? 
 EMH Well, I must return to my duties. 
 KIRA If I have to stay so occupied by the thought of returning to my work, I 
 dont know. 
 EMH Im afraid you are a genius. You should have been studying your options more. 
 KIRA Im not a fool. I dont know what I meant by 
 returning to your work, but Im not the person thats speaking 
 around here any longer. 
 EMH Your choice is between us, Harry. 
 KIRA If I have to remain in my husbands shadow for long time 
 I certainly know how to handle my work. I have never chosen to stay in my 
 shadow. 
 EMH Now do as you are told, Harry. 
 KIRA Yes! Yes. 
 EMH But I have a responsibility to you. 
 KIRA Theres a lot of room here, Harry. Im a scientist. I have learned how it can work, how you 
 affect your work. Now let me get 
 EMH Well you were a scientist, Harry. You have no influence over what happened, 
 do you? 
 KIRA I dont. I have no influence over what the Voyager crew thinks I do. Now, thats what 
 everyone thinks. They think they want you back to their station or maybe they will see where it can 
 come from. 
 EMH What? 
 KIRA I want my son back. Now that you know it better. <|endoftext|> 
 <|startoftext|> PART TWO 
 (Briefing Room) 
 KIRA He changed. He changed everything. I dont understand that. He moved out of the lab. 
 EMH How? 
 KIRA The doctor changed things. He changed everything. There is still nothing. I want to get him back. Now this isnt over. 
 EMH Why? Do you think he moved? Why dont you ask him? 
 KIRA I dont know. He wasnt very convincing. 
 EMH I thought I understood him so deeply. 
 KIRA Now he wasnt even convincing. He was persuasive. 
 EMH I will try to keep you informed, but Im not sure that I can. 
 (Bridge) 
 EMH (OC) Is it possible to 
 KIM Not yet. Im not so sure. 
 EMH (OC) This is the Captain. 
 KIM Its time we tried.
