======== SAMPLE 1 ========
95, 
 
 TUVOK A most plausible explanation. 
 JANEWAY Sounds as if we agree with our earlier discussion. We will consider 
 the possibility of returning to our past. 
 KIM Sir, theres not going to be an easy matter if we go to our past. 
 TUVOK Ensign, we have checked your history. You must realise theres not going to be an easy matter. 
 JANEWAY Just how are you feeling, Ensign? 
 KIM Fine. 
 JANEWAY Commander, take some responsibility for our mission. 
 KIM Tom, Im listening. Its your work. I just want to be aware. 
 JANEWAY Aye, sir. 
 (Mess hall) 
 KIM Ready. 
 PARIS Oh, sure there is everything ready. 
 KIM I dont feel like speaking because of a few words. Its a little awkward 
 around here. 
 PARIS Are we to take your word for it? 
 KIM Its a little awkward. Its not my thing to say. 
 PARIS Okay. 
 KIM Well, we are not going to just sit here and pretend you are 
 feeling fine. 
 PARIS I feel fine. 
 KIM Really? 
 PARIS Thats because they are here. They will help. 
 NOG I have had enough of this story line for one lifetime and its 
 beginning to annoy me. 
 KIM I can get that. You are the most natural thing in the galaxy. 
 PARIS Captain Proton, I will be fine. 
 KIM Yeah, lets go, holodeck character. 
 PARIS Thats okay. 
 NOG No one is going to thank you for it, Captain. Its all 
 part of the story. 
 KIM Ack, tired. 
 NOG Its getting late with me. 
 KIM Yeah, thats not how it start. 
 PARIS Oh, so thats just it? I take it easy. 
 KIM Yeah. 
 PARIS Its all right to leave. 
 NOG Stop it. 
 KIM You dont owe me a thing. I know the Captain wants you, but 
 we owe him nothing, and I want nothing right now. So I want 
 something by oh one hundred. And thats not the point. 
 PARIS Okay. Well, as of now, Im just going to have to work 
 on a few things. First, Im going to tell you I have some information on 
 a starship collision, something you dont require to hear. 
 KIM Thats exactly what Im trying to do. But its going to 
 take a little more than a few moments to change course and 
 throw her off her ship. 
 PARIS Captain Proton would never do something like this. 
 KIM Whats the matter, exactly? 
 KIM Just wondering if we have a reason to stay 
 here 
 PARIS Yeah. Well, as of now, Im just making what I can do. I will let 
 someone do her job. 
 KIM The guy? 
 TORRES Well, Id better get back to the point. 
 KIM Oh, he hates you. 
 TORRES Im just hoping somebody in our group is not 
 feeling bad. Maybe hes actually excited to be a 
 hero. 
 KIM Oh, for the moment. 
 PARIS Thats enough. Im sorry. Captain Proton and I 
 are the only ones left. 
 KIM If we leave, we will never make a 
 situation like this. Right now we are 
 stuck with each other. We work hard to 
 find a solution, and if we dont, then we fall into 
 trap. 
 PARIS We dont even know if theres a reason we are not. 
 KIM So I make an offer. What are your plans on this 
 ship? 
 PARIS I dont even know. All Im asking for is what is it? 
 KIM Im offering you a whole bunch of the crew. 
 PARIS Oh, thats not good, but as of now, I will make you a 
 fool. 
 KIM Good. But enough to blow the point. 
 PARIS Better. 
 KIM Okay. Enough to buy yourself out. 
 PARIS Enough to buy yourself out? No! Its not my 
 heart that has it. Maybe when you make it go, maybe we should let 
 her know we are not leaving without a fighting 
 team. 
 LARIS Its enough to buy yourself out. 
 LARIS You dont understand. Theres reason we have to join 

