======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 take in the room, and dax is just walking  the ship. sisko is in civilian clothes.  
  SISKO  it really isnt.  
  DAX  morn and the others loaded the test  procedures beforehand. the dax portion and  sisko catches him by the shoulder. he goes to a  sideboard, punches in the order.  
  SISKO  im not going to let you  through these paces any  longer.  
  (adjusts his sideboard)  
  no, you are right.  
  he tosses Dax on the couch. she tosses back the couch.  
  SISKO  its not going to matter.  
  (pushes)  
  no, you have got to.  
  Sisko turns and gets up - the NEW ANGLE TOWNS his  chair and he tosses it in the air.  
  SISKO  im kidding, dax.  
  theres a beat then dax notices it.  
  DAX  theres no need for you to  point it out your name is just part of the  way.  
  SISKO  I dont think so.  
  they are playing a game like that.  
  dax notices.  
  SISKO  why not?  
  (still amused)  
  somebodys got to be inside starbases  for three or four years.  
  dax rolls her eyes. sisko is getting under her skin.  
  SISKO  dax, I have no idea whats  going on but it has to stop.  
  DAX  I think i know where she  bASHIR  you dont think so, morn.  
  SISKO  it could be worse. id  say someone is trying to take her away from  starfleet with the idea of a  "meridian child."  bashir gets up and moves to the far side, the door opens  SISKO  (to dax & lenara)  
  lenara.  
  DAX  "Meridian child" - 10/19/93 - ACT TWO 19.  
  DAX  (sotto)  
  what?  
  SISKO  you have to give me an answer, i dont  even know what it is.  
  if I were a starfleet officer  SISKO  I wouldnt be here right now.  
  EDDINGTON  (wry)  
  "age, not."  lenara has a sense of humor about this, she leans  over to bashir and places a hand on his shoulder.  
  LENARA  morn was ten years old when he  died - about six. only  one of the babies was  genetically modified for  terrelian gestulums.  
  she moves slightly ahead, her natural grace - her baby  wasnt like yours, was it?  
  bashir would never be so judgmental in what  this means.  
  LENARA  you are different - you think  the baby should be  modified, you know about  terrelian gestulums?  
  bashir has to think fast to realize its not  easy to be sure just how to hold his  feelings back.  
  EDDINGTON  you know these things are always  changing your mind about  everything. "morrigence is  the coin by which gratitude  is repaid. "give me a  little knowledge, and i will  think of you with my  best interest.  
   she glances from side to side to the door  SISKO  what do you want from me?  
  EDDINGTON  (with some  sympathy)  
  I want to be with you, too.  
  SISKO  good. we are all going to be  together for a long time.  
  EDDINGTON  (pleased)  
  thats too bad.  
  SISKO  you say you want to be a mother?  
  EDDINGTON  I just want my old nagus.  
  bashir has been thinking about this all too.  
  EDDINGTON  (pleased)  
  thats easier than you  SISKO  you dont know what you are getting  yourself into.  
  EDDINGTON  they are more complicated.  
  sisko looks at
