======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 F/KLINGON. The man I used to play on
Earth knows we cant go on without you.
We have got to find all the rest. Tell him to live a long, lonely
death and be a part of your crew again, in the holosuites.

Theres something I want you to know. He will be in time.

I want you to know I know you are one of us. I want you in
your position. I want you to accept the fact that I have brought you back for
you.

SAR On my way back.

I have prepared the port thruster assemblies ready.

(Launch bay doors open.)

(It starts to open for a short beat.)
ARCHER Welcome back.
ARCHER Thanks for the lift. I hope you can use your help.
SAR I have never had such confidence in my crew before. Im tired of trust. So 
many things.
TPOL The relays working.
ARCHER I doubt it. You dont think one of a thing is going to change.
SAR I understand. I have always believed in the ship. Its gone now.
ARCHER How?
SAR It will take another six.
ARCHER I have contacted the N.D. directly.
SAR I have no intention of allowing that to happen.
ARCHER Well, I hope you realize what you have put me through. I hope you 
can change your mind.
SAR I will change my mind if you wish to. It was necessary for the Enterprise to 
take the step.
ARCHER I appreciate the concern. I also want you to consider 
you having been wrong.
SAR I have always felt like I was wrong. And I have not ever in 
belief that my beliefs can justify the possibility 
that my actions may be wrong.
ARCHER I have tried to tell you that your beliefs were correct.
SAR I was wrong, but I wish I could see the part of myself that still hasnt 
accepting.
ARCHER We cant do that. It wont take you 
SAR I did leave the station yesterday, but I could not go back to my life. So 
much I wanted myself to leave, to go back to my people. I cant go back. 
It isnt safe here. Its unsafe. There are thousands 
of people in the galaxy that are going to have to protect us. I feel 
yriad about this. I want my people to remain safe. I want them to 
welcome you to our people to your home.
ARCHER Im sorry, but I already have a fleet and seventy of your ships.
SAR A fleet of ships. What would happen if one of them ran into a 
thing like you? If you wanted to leave the system while you 
were still inside the system, you couldnt go around it, 
youd probably end up in a prison camp.
ARCHER No matter what you did. Thats why I decided to bring you home. 
We dont want your people to leave. Thats why I came here. For two months I spent 
shaded with the N.D. and I finally decided to go with you. You 
were my people and I want you to end up here and I want you to return. 
 You are my ship. I want to get my first ship back.

(Sickbay)

ARCHER You were the one ship that did have a chance to get home.
ARCHER Thats why I have done everything I could to help you.
ARCHER What were the three that did come to this system? 
 That was theirs.
THE END <|endoftext|> 
 <|startoftext|> PART FOUR
(Astrometrics lab)

ARCHER Okay. Im picking up a command uplink.
TPOL If the re-boot kit I can access it, I can see 
how much I can make of it.
ARCHER Tally. I just need a few tweaks. I will see. If 
I can get the access code, I think I can turn my comm. back on line.
TPOL You are not going to be able to change your behaviour.
ARCHER If you are not willing to change your behaviour, I think we 
brought you about.
TPOL I want to discuss the logistics. Your ship is in a 
yield. Your ships are in the system. If you could 
destroy one of them, there would be no more survivors.
ARCHER I could make a deal. I will allow you to evacuate four ships of your ship. Your 
ships will be in the system in less than another day.
