======== SAMPLE 1 ========
s a problem.
(Sar is in custody.)
SAR (to com) Go ahead, Commander.

(Jadzia ship) She is trying to contact us again.

(Lakora house)

KIRK Yes. I will have my staff stay up to help them.
PKE Yes.
(PKE She goes to work, but Sarem isnt around when the others arrive.)
PKE Good.
KIRK Good.
PKE Yes.
KIRK Good.
(PKE They both leave and join Kes.)

(Sickbay)

KES Where have you come to find me?
SESKA Where are you?
KESKA Oh. Im trying to find some answers for you.
KESKA Theres a lot of different answers for you.
KESKA I didnt find any answers for you.
KESKA Thats not what I ordered you to do.
KESKA I wanted to say Im sorry.
KESKA That wasnt what we did.
KESKA I knew you were leaving us.
KESKA I wanted you to be happy for me.
KESKA I cant make promises to people like me.
KESKA So I have no place on which to keep your lives moving forward.
KESKA Then stay on the ship. Tell me what about you?
KESKA You left Kes.
KESKA They dont understand.
KESKA You are leaving a lot to think about. It wasnt quite a day for this ship, but theres a lot to think about.
KESKA I dont know what to think about.
KESKA What kind of ship is mine?
KESKA A ship of choice to the Federation.
KESKA But mine can be no more.
KESKA I cant leave you here without Kes. Hes right as a father, he was right a husband.
KESKA Shes right. Kes will live with me.
KESKA Shes going to get right back to be with you. Kes. Kes. Its going to be all right. She wont leave me or anyone get hurt of her!
KESKA Kes?
KESKA This is Kes. All you have to do is get away. I cant stay with you no longer less.
(The first half-dozen people leave the house.)
KESKA Theres much to think about. But I know I will die with you. So I thought I could come home now and live my life with Kes.
KESKA And you will never be happy about that. It will just be a job that she never wanted to do.
KESKA And I have been very happy here. I really want to stay here on some sort of special day. I want to work in the open air, with the fire in my sights. I cant afford to leave now. Its the only place I have to go.
(Meeska is in surgery.)
KESKA So theres more work for me than ever?
KESKA You are on my bridge as first officer. This ship will be fully repaired before Im gone.
KESKA And I wont be the first one to leave this ship.
KESKA Shes right. She is our captain and we want to take care of her. Shes a good officer. Kes, my crew will be happy to have you in their lives. Kes you will never be happy until she dies.
KESKA Her answer is no. Kes, this ship needs a crew to stay the captains attention. She wont be harmed by a crew a good decision.
KESKA No, she wont be.
KESKA I want to stay. I have already thought about where to start.
KESKA I could never go with Kes. Kes wont know. She has been very clear about what she wanted and we will never leave her here unless she wants to find a way.
KESKA Kes, do you want to stay here?
KESKA I know where to stay.
KESKA Kes. I want Kes to stay with me. Kes wants my help and we will stay happily ever after and thats what we are planning.
KESKA She will not be destroyed. She has made sure you understand that her captain would be able to deal with her demands.
KESKA She will survive and I will stay as long as I believe I have to.
KESKA I will keep Kes alive long enough for her to make sure hes going to help her.

(KESKA stays up her shoulders in the darkness, and her eyes arent shut, her eyes a mask of 
a human being.)
KESKA There never could have been
one other thing we didnt know, she is the child
